no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. pectus deformity is noted. left ij dual-lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
xxxx left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. stable heart size moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. clear right lung.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. previous lower spine cervical fusion. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
stable mild cardiomegaly. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. xxxx xxxx opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. the posterior sulci are clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
no acute pulmonary findings. there are broken 1st and 3rd-5xxxx xxxx xxxx. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. left-sided aortic xxxx. central airways are xxxx. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no xxxx acute findingsopacitiesinfiltrates noted.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no xxxx consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable right paratracheal opacity. xxxx correlated xxxx of the chest xxxx xxxx this represents vascular shadows. mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level xxxx t10 on t1
stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration in the left lung base. right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right internal jugular central line has been removed. left subclavian line is stable.
age-indeterminate lower thoracic slight xxxx deformity otherwise negative exam. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a slight xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum. no evidence of acute disease. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable splenic artery embolism coils.
bandlike opacities in the right lung. appearance xxxx atelectasis. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. prominent right epicardial fat xxxx
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly. calcified tortuous aorta. no focal air space disease. stable chronic lung changes. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. xxxx right effusion is also present. cardiomegaly without overt edema. cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is left-sided xxxx central line with a xxxx lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax.
limited low lung volume exam. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the trachea is midline. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormality. normal heart and mediastinum. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. middle lobe calcified granulomas. normal xxxx.
right lower lobe infiltrate suggestive of pneumonia right lower lobe infiltrate. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. there has been interval placement of a left chest xxxx with its distal tip in the left sided svc
heart upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no nodules masses or infiltrates. no bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution. heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. incidental note xxxx of an azygos fissure. there are surgical clips perhaps from cholecystectomy in the right upper quadrant.
cardiomegaly stable. lungs clear. no edema or effusions
findings suggestive of emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no nodules masses effusions or pneumonia
mild interstitial prominence xxxx chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence which has chronic appearance. cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. xxxx are osteopenic. no visible pneumothorax.
stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening right worse than left with mild right-sided loculation. stable appearance of right apical thickeningatelectasis with volume loss possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. suggest clinical correlation. the heart is normal in size. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable. there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. there is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward xxxx deviation. no acute infiltrate is appreciated.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. no displaced rib fracture is evident.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
mild cardiomegaly. basilar atelectasis. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. decreasing right pleural effusion. there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. persistent small right pleural effusion and xxxx xxxx atelectasis. no pneumothorax. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change
hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in both lung bases. a hiatal hernia is present. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no active disease.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
negative chest lungs are clear. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
chronic changes without acute process heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities which may represent infection andor atelectasis. bilateral rib fractures most of which appear old. interval vertebral body xxxx deformity in the lumbar spine since xxxx. normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures some of which appear old. interval xxxx deformity of the vertebral body xxxx xxxx the level of the two vertebroplasty xxxx.
right chest xxxx catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. grossly clear lungs. there is a right chest xxxx with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
clear lungs. stable hiatal hernia. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. a hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
heart size normal. mildly tortuous aorta. no overt edema. no focal consolidation no pneumothorax. no significant pleural effusion though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no displaced fractures. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures.
heart size is normal. small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. probable interstitial edema less xxxx fibrosis.
left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion. followup to resolution is recommended. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are stable. aortic calcifications are noted. there are small calcified lymph xxxx. emphysema and chronic changes are identified. there is xxxx opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. there is questionable xxxx extension to the pleural surface. this may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
cardiomegaly but no focal consolidation. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. the heart is normal. there are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
no active or acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest xxxx tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
no radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases. heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. limited degenerative change of the spine
left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. xxxx right effusion is also present. cardiomegaly without overt edema. cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is left-sided xxxx central line with a xxxx lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax.
findings of copd with no acute changes. lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
hyperexpanded lungs. otherwise normal chest x-xxxx. the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. no acute bony abnormalities. no effusion or infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no evidence of pleural effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion.
no acute process. borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. calcific density in the right lung apex compatible with calcified granuloma.
clear lungs. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic xxxx on the lateral view which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. recommend followup with chest ct. heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic xxxx there is a 1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
heart size normal. hyperexpanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. most xxxx represents xxxx's lung. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen
emphysematous change without acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size slightly upper normal. atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta.. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic xxxx on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion atelectasis andor consolidation. interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate. there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. in addition there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothorax. the xxxx lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardio mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. mildly low lung volumes. no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no comparisons. the heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
large hiatal hernia. clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mildly enlarged heart. tortuous aorta. aortic calcifications. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and vascularity normal. external contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings. patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic xxxx study from xxxx as well. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of chf. large lung volumes as before. no acute airspace disease. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
heart size normal. slightly tortuous calcified aorta. no pneumothorax or effusion. no evidence of aortic transection.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. no xxxx edema. the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx. heart size normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. no edema or pneumonia. no effusion
xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air. left lateral decubitus film may be helpful. clear lungs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted. the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration clinical correlation recommended moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
right upper lobe pneumonia. there is a right upper lobe opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and vascularity are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. large hiatal hernia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. large hiatal hernia.
mild xxxx xxxx opacities with scarring; no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there are xxxx opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. no significant pleural effusion is seen.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
kub there are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. these findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. chest left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which measure up to about 7 cm in diameter. there is also an extremely dilated xxxx in the same region which measures 9 cm in diameter. there is extensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is xxxx left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure.
right upper lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right middle lobe infiltrate. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear left lung xxxx. right middle lobe with increased opacities xxxx representative of infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease. consolidation atelectasis and costophrenic xxxx blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. a persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. no xxxx infiltrates. heart is slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. aorta remains tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
lordotic film. low lung volumes. heart size within normal limits for this projection. lower thoracic spine fusion. small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. this may be projectional followup films may be helpful.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. multilevel cervical xxxx arthritis.
emphysema with increased lung markings markings possibly superimposed chronic lung diseasefibrosis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings particularly in the periphery and lung bases. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. mild pulmonary vascular congestion. there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. this was not present on the recent prior study. there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there is a prosthetic valve. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. sternotomy xxxx overlie the heart.
xxxx opacities at the lateral left base. the appearance xxxx atelectasis. right central venous line has been removed. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. there are degenerative changes within the xxxx bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. xxxx xxxx in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute preoperative findings cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet xxxx within the pleural space. some mild right pleural thickening versus xxxx effusion. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour stable.
mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. no acute pulmonary findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. elevated right diaphragm. the lungs are clear. xxxx degenerative spondylosis. there appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.
no acute abnormality. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
no active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues.
previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. minimal bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few xxxx opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. no active airspace diseaseinfiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified granuloma right upper lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left midlung. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
there is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. additional evaluation xxxx advised. right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph xxxx. some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contour. clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no comparisons. the heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
normal chest x-xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
cardiomegaly however no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy xxxx. the heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. the lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are grossly normal.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities xxxx from old xxxx. xxxx of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly intact. degenerative t-spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the xxxx are generally unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. one ap view is expiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. no abnormal mediastinal widening. no edema. no focal consolidation. xxxx blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a xxxx right pleural effusion. no pneumothoraces. flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. there is again a pleural based density in the right lung base xxxx related to subpleural fat. the appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. calcified lingular granuloma. no focal consolidations or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. breast implants there is a moderate wedge xxxx deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae xxxx t6 age-indeterminate.
comparison xxxx xxxx. xxxx right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening andor some loculated effusion accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis  airspace disease within the right lung base. round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is xxxx on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the xxxx fissure. some xxxx opacities compatible with scarringchronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. stable mediastinal contour.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
calcified granulomas. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
streaky left basilar opacities xxxx atelectasis versus infiltrate. cardiomegaly stable. interval removal of cardiac xxxx generator. cardiomegaly. left base streaky opacities again noted. no large focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no pneumothorax.
comparison xxxx xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. xxxx right lower lung opacity xxxx represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary process this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute abnormality demonstrated. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
heart size is normal. slightly dilated tortuous aorta unchanged. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumonia
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. rotated apical lordotic frontal projection mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the xxxx of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
large right xxxx pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe. a large pleural air collection is present on the right. mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. the right lower lobe is totally opaque.
normal chest x-xxxx the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. there are no acute infiltrates effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of obstructive lung disease. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting copd. borderline enlarged heart. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is flattening of hemidiaphragms. there are prominent interstitial markings. there is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. the heart is of the first limits of normal size. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
stable left lung consolidation possibly infectious pneumonia andor aspiration. recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. feeding tube tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction. feeding tube noted with tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right xxxx-a-xxxx has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. scattered xxxx of left base scarringatelectasis. cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered xxxx opacities are present whose appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothorax is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. contrast-enhanced xxxx examination would xxxx to further evaluate if clinically indicated. mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
rib films. no fractures or dislocations. chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. minimal degenerative disease thoracic spine
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. levocurvature the lumbar spine incompletely imaged.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia for which clinical correlation is recommended. stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
chest. heart size is normal lungs are clear. calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. left shoulder. no fractures and no dislocations. minimal xxxx degenerative disease.
right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy. further imaging with ct of the chest is recommended. the heart is normal in size. prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 6 cm x 7 cm. there is mild surrounding airspace disease andor atelectasis. no pleural effusions noted. the visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact.
cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration clinical correlation recommended moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
sternotomy xxxx are noted in xxxx. vascular clips are noted consistent with previous coronary artery bypass graft. the previously seen central venous line catheter has been removed. a left pleural effusion remains. underlying atelectasis is suspected. given differences in technique the effusion is not xxxx to be significantly different but is xxxx favored to be lower end of moderate for size. osseous structures are remarkable for osteopenia degenerative changes and there is some kyphosis noted to the thoracic spine.
xxxx right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. multiple right-sided rib fractures involving at xxxx the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. mild right basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus contusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change
technically limited exam. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the pleural spaces are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction unchanged since prior xxxx. xxxx opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. no acute airspace disease or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is within normal limits. there is ectasiatortuosity of the thoracic aorta. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe stable since xxxx and may represent mitral annular calcifications. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
clear lungs. the lungs are clear. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
nodular density noted on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact. no nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx. there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph xxxx. the pleural spaces are clear.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute preoperative findings cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. the heart is normal. there are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable calcified hilar xxxx and granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic xxxx. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. a tortuous calcified thoracic aorta is present. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
findings consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis. it is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change. central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. heart size and shape are normal. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. the lungs are reasonably well expanded. there xxxx and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung xxxx more marked on the right than the left. there is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening well-seen in the left upper lobe. there is loss of definition of part of the left heart xxxx. no effusions no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.
no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities.
obscuration of the bilateral lung bases xxxx combination of atelectasis infiltrate effusions. there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. stable atelectaticfibrotic changes of the visualized lung and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful.
minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality demonstrated. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since xxxx exam. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. osteopenia. mild loss of xxxx of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
left mid lung opacity noted most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. recommend clinical correlation. left midlung opacity noted not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. stable cardiomegaly. prominent contour of the ascending aorta consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
chest. right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. healed remote left 9th rib fracture. right shoulder: negative for fracture or dislocation.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. stable chest. the heart is normal in size and contour. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the lung volumes are low. there is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear. no parenchymal infiltrates. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are prominent epicardial fat pads unchanged from prior. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx. unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci xxxx represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. negative. no mechanical obstruction. lung volumes are low but no focal infiltrates are present. heart and mediastinum remain normal. abdomen. multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. formed stool is present in the rectum.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no evidence of active disease. cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. thoracic aorta is tortuous. patient is status post xxxx sternotomy. surgical clips are present in the left axilla. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change with interval improvement. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. normal bowel xxxx pattern. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. there is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. abdomen. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. there is an ivc xxxx identified. there are phleboliths in pelvis. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextrocurvature the spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. emphysematous changes are identified. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there is marked cardiomegaly. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine and right shoulder.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities possibly edema. large right pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. there is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. mild perihilar xxxx opacities xxxx edema. no pneumothorax is seen.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung. redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild age indeterminate anterior wedging at the t11 level. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. no pulmonary vascular congestion. no xxxx edema. no focal consolidation. there is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body approximately t11 level.
lungs appear slightly hyperinflated suggestive of emphysema. no acute airspace abnormality seen. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute pulmonary disease. there are stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx. the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with xxxx atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. xxxx scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. lower cervical spine fusion and sternotomy. old healed left mid posterior rib fractures. emphysema. no nodules masses or adenopathy.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal xxxx atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the cardiac xxxx generator overlies left upper thorax with xxxx xxxx tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation pleural effusion pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable..
allowing for underpenetration the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits.
borderline cardiomegaly. otherwise unremarkable exam. there is borderline cardiomegaly. mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. low lung volumes. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no focal pulmonary consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum. no focal pulmonary consolidation. diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute abnormality. no pulmonary nodule identified. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules identified.
bilateral increasing consolidations consistent with multifocal pneumonia. in the interval consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes. heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary xxxx normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the heart xxxx is slightly large. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs appear clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
marked increase in heart size. cardiomegaly. question pericardial effusion. stable 5 cm nodule left mid chest xxxx a granuloma. lungs are clear. no effusion. stable left hilar lymphadenopathy.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. surgical xxxx at the distal left clavicle. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear. the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
there is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs possibly cyst scarring or pneumonia. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal mediastinal contours are normal
limited study but no acute pulmonary disease identified. this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung lines remain low. however no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. possible copd but no acute pulmonary disease. on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were xxxx in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures appear normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
moderate hiatal hernia. no definite pneumonia. lungs are relatively clear. heart size normal. unfolded aorta. moderate hiatal hernia. t-spine osteophytes and dish.
cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified. the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
copd and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung xxxx. there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung xxxx bilaterally. this is xxxx to be similar to xxxx scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
postoperative chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
right sided pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung xxxx. no pneumothorax.
bilateral large pleural effusion possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis. one xxxx are low. both costophrenic xxxx are blunted. pulmonary xxxx are normal. no visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs.
stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia. radiographic attenuation obscures detail. grossly the lungs are clear and expanded. heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph xxxx. the osseous structures are intact.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact.
moderate congestive cardiac failure. moderate bilateral interstitial edema with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. a large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy xxxx chronic fungal. no pneumothorax.
mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact.
bibasilar atelectasis. otherwise no acute abnormality heart size is normal. mild xxxx xxxx atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal chest radiograph. the central airway is midline and is xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no focal lung consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen. the osseous structures appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previously
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia or effusion. no nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable xxxx foreign body over the left breast (xxxx nipple piercing). visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an approximately 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. there are other scattered calcified granulomas. the osseous structures are intact. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show arthritic changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
mild hyperinflation air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. right hemidiaphragm eventration. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no lobar pneumonia is present. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. no active pneumonia. bony structures are intact.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. considering technical factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
normal chest exam. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. bibasilar airspace disease bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. there is stable cardiomegaly with xxxx pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. negative examination of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. mild lung hyperexpansion. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
mild streaky left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
low volume study without definite acute process. mild cardiomegaly. heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
unremarkable radiographs of the chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. interval placement of left-sided picc line with tip xxxx in the innominate vein. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. left-sided picc line has been placed in the interval with tip xxxx in the innominate vein.
no comparisons. the heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. calcific density in the right lung apex compatible with calcified granuloma.
cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. xxxx right medial basilar airspace disease. left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax . xxxx right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic xxxx. there is a xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is xxxx alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
borderline heart size. elevated left diaphragm. clear right lung. tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. extensive airspace disease in the left base. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
tracheostomy tube terminates at the level of the clavicles. moderate cardiomegaly stable. increased interstitial markings and patchy opacities through the bases. nonspecific findings may indicate edema or atypical infection. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
stable normal chest x-xxxx. frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion consolidation or pneumothorax.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. left axillary surgical clips unchanged visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
patchy bilateral opacities primarily in the lung bases whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. aspiration or edema are also possible but less xxxx. xxxx lung volumes no pneumothorax
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most xxxx due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. negative for pneumothorax. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. left upper extremity picc terminates in the lower svc.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses.
stable position of the left-sided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. a left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
comparison xxxx xxxx. anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stableunremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no destructive bony lesions are seen.
unremarkable 2 views of the chest. normal cardiac size. normal pulmonary vasculature. no airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. negative for acute osseous deformity. the thoracic spine has a normal appearance.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right chest xxxx tip in the low svc. right granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis. lung volumes remain xxxx. xxxx opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
emphysematous changes. resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate. previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatoryinfectious process. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no non-calcified nodules are identified.
basilar atelectasis. no confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical xxxx arthritis.
postoperative chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal opacities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. gastrostomy tube is noted.
mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx xxxx basilar pleural effusion increased left suprahilar opacity differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss apical pleural fluid tumor progression. left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. xxxx right costophrenic xxxx right lung free of focal consolidation.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding no acute cardiopulmonary finding. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe l1 xxxx deformity.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified right paratracheal lymph xxxx are seen. aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion.
possible right lower lobe pneumonia. cardiomegaly heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. coronary artery stents visualized. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
interval central catheter exchange. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomegaly. a right internal jugular xxxx this catheter has been exchanged for a large xxxx left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly.
right hemidiaphragm elevation. no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is xxxx within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap portable technique. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
low lung volumes lungs appear clear heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal pleural spaces are clear
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute process. stable cardiomegaly. there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they're stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax.
enlarged cardiac silhouette possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion. mild bibasilar atelectasis andor infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions on the right greater than left and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are xxxx xxxx pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx on the right greater than left with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. right perihilar opacities. no pneumothorax identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
negative acute bone abnormality. indeterminate 4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance and may be located in or on the patient. clinical correlation with possible followup chest x-xxxx recommended if clinically appropriate. dr. xxxx xxxx was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at xxxx hours on xxxx and acknowledged receipt of the study finding. rounded 4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. there is no opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.
mild cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx calcific density in the left mid to upper lung xxxx represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. abnormal appearance of the mediastinum as discussed below. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta unchanged. there is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and xxxx pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on xxxx chest in xxxx. radiographically the findings are grossly stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal xxxx atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size normal and lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. dual-lumen right ij catheter is identified without pneumothorax. the lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar xxxx opacities xxxx adjacent atelectasis. there is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
limited study but no evidence for acute pulmonary disease. this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis consistent with pneumonitis. in the interval consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also anterior segment xxxx opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal.
no active disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. left mid lung focal atelectasis. lung volumes are low. the heart is large the pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates. xxxx opacity is present in the left midlung.
no acute abnormality seen. normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which xxxx represents healing rib callus. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. stable mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteriespulmonary hypertension. please correlate clinically. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. stable mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx opacity in the left xxxx xxxx representing a scar. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. right hilar calcifications xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left most xxxx representing acute infectious process. widening of the mediastinum xxxx secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid or possibly reactive adenopathy. right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothorax. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection immediately retrocardiac is xxxx to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. small left pleural effusion. left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
no focal lung infiltrates. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. a right-sided mediport catheter is noted. no pleural effusion is identified.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. no effusions or chf identified. a few scant reticular opacities in right lung base xxxx hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no active disease. there are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance. the lungs are clear. there are multiple surgical xxxx seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is a screw in the right shoulder. the soft tissues are normal.
xxxx change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. thoracolumbar scoliosis.
heart size is within normal limits. no edema. bandlike scarring in the right base. no pleural effusion lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph not well localized on the frontal image. could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela.
normal chest exam. normal heart size. clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
clear lungs. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. there are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous xxxxct. findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no xxxx consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads.
mildly hyperexpanded lungs without acute focal infiltrate. mild hyperinflation. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. left knee: minimal degenerative changes however no acute bony abnormality. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. left knee: there is no fracture-dislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
right lower lobe airspace disease. low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothorax. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion. no evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis. kub. nonspecific abdomen. the heart is enlarged. there may be a pericardial effusion. no definite pulmonary edema is seen. lungs appear clear. there is no pleural effusion. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. kub xxxx: xxxx single view of the abdomen was obtained. the bowel xxxx pattern is nonspecific. there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. the skeletal structures appear normal.
right hemidiaphragm elevation. no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. emphysematous changes retained contrast within the renal collecting xxxx. there is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. contrast retained within the renal collecting xxxx.
xxxx left upper lobe infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.
scarring at the lateral costophrenic xxxx. otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx xxxx represents scarring. no pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
no active disease. lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
moderate right pleural effusion. moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. clear left lung xxxx.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal chest exam. trachea is midline. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly which appears xxxx from xxxx with probable mild pulmonary edema. there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx. the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. there are stable degenerative changes of the spine.
no comparisons. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. status post coronary artery bypass grafting.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size is normal. bilateral nipple shadows seen. 5 mm left lower lobe granuloma. heart size normal. no effusions. lungs clear
atelectasis versus scar left lung base. otherwise unremarkable. xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please xxxx. xxxx xxxx certified radiologist at xxxx. heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. xxxx opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
unremarkable radiographs of the chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild wedge xxxx deformity of t1
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe. there is mild cardiomegaly. the aorta is tortuous. there is xxxx opacities noted in the right lower lobe xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no displaced rib fractures. if there is high clinical concern consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure. heart is mildly heart enlarged. mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the the spine.
limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. no pleural line of pneumothorax.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.
low lung volumes no acute cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes. xxxx normal heart size. no pneumothorax. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
calcified granuloma periphery left lung. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. again seen is xxxx paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute displaced rib fractures.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted. stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. right knee. severe joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral compartment.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. scattered granulomatous changes. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax is unremarkable
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. prominent left epicardial fat xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
interval development of large right-sided pleural effusion. xxxx deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body xxxx relates to xxxx deformity described on previous ct scan. there has been interval development of a large right-sided pleural effusion. the left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax. heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. xxxx deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body.
bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. probably scarring in the left apex although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring however the absence of comparison exam recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution. there are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. there are irregular opacities in the left lung apex that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.there are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe xxxx scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
pathologic fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc. left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. xxxx fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is upper limits of normal in size. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with xxxx atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation pleural effusion pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable..
negative for acute abnormality. heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules. bony structures are intact.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
heart size mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. no focal opacity. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
clear lungs. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation.  no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of  normal. thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic stable. old right clavicular fracture is again noted.
extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis not significantly xxxx from prior. left-sided medication injection xxxx has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction. left-sided medication injection xxxx has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. the trachea is midline. extensive bilateral bronchiectasis cystic changes and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. no large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted. stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal.
borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence for active tb. low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.
no acute abnormality identified. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
there is a near spherical xxxx shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. this may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. could be further evaluated with ct if clinically indicated. slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. overall clear lungs. normal mediastinal contour. no effusions.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
hyperinflated chest as before compatible with emphysema. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis. hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar right greater than left atelectasisairspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. there is a left chest xxxx with tip in the mid svc. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. abnormal configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic xxxx versus dextrocardia. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right xxxx versus dextrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
unremarkable chest study. the xxxx and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic xxxx is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear.
left base airspace disease. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is a left base opacity. the right lung is grossly clear. heart size is normal. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is no pneumothorax.
emphysema. no acute pulmonary findings. borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are intact.
heart size normal and lungs clear.
unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. no change chronic interstitial lung disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys from prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
normal chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
obscured right heart xxxx with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the right heart xxxx appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. otherwise no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
normal exam normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.
chest radiograph. stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in xxxx. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
xxxx right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. in the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition on the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note xxxx of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
pulmonary emphysema. large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. no suspicious nodules or are identified. the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute abnormality seen. normal heart size. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
xxxx atelectasis in the right lung base. elevated right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. elevated right hemidiaphragm. xxxx atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no evidence of active disease. the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal chest exam. normal heart size. clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis. right middle lobe opacity is present. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. normal x-xxxx of chest.
negative for acute abnormality. discrete xxxx projectile not seen. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. no discrete xxxx projectile visualized. contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. contrast also probably within the left colon.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
hyperexpanded lung xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips overlying. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. there is no evidence of acute infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute findings. emphysema. scattered xxxx of scarring most notably in the left upper lobe. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are stable scattered xxxx bilateral opacities most notable in the left upper lobe xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
mild interstitial prominence xxxx chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence which has chronic appearance. cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. xxxx are osteopenic. no visible pneumothorax.
slight basilar prominence of lung markings most xxxx representing some mild chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace disease or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits.
no acute pulmonary disease. possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially t12-lthe lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t12-l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.
no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. right middle lobe scarring as before. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
stable bilateral interstitial opacities could represent scarring or infiltrate. ct may be helpful to further characterize. stable heart size. diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. no acute bony abnormalities.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process. heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy xxxx.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia. there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. no acute bone abnormality.
no active disease. lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
copd and small left basilar scar. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. a small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic xxxx region. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib.
no focal airspace consolidation. emphysema. stable biapical opacities possibly scarring. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are biapical opacities stable from the prior study. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. specifically no evidence of rib fractures.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. age-indeterminate xxxx deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body. elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge xxxx of a vertebral body.
no acute findings. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. emphysema. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are persistent xxxx bilateral lower lobe opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no xxxx focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are without focal air space opacity. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumothorax effusion or pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute abnormality. stable chest. stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity.
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema. study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no focal lung consolidation. copd. no displaced fractures. there is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures.
no acute pulmonary findings. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. left-sided aortic xxxx. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. central airways are xxxx. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structure are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. enlarged cardiac silhouette. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. normal bowel xxxx pattern. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. there is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. abdomen. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. there is an ivc xxxx identified. there are phleboliths in pelvis. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable chronic changes. no acute findings. there is stable mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings. patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic xxxx study from xxxx as well. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry.
comparison xxxx xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
negative chest. heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
subtle interstitial markings bilateral may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases left worse than right. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
chest. no active disease. left knee. advanced degenerative joint disease. lungs are clear and expanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing large osteophyte formation multiple synovial osteochondromas.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
normal chest radiograph the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
chronic changes without acute process heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
clear lungs. postsurgical changes of the right chest. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary findings. normal heart size. clear lungs. degenerative this disease within the spine. prosthetic right shoulder. possible xxxx body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
no active disease. right shoulder. healing scapular fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or effusion. large flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality. persistent cardiomegaly. no abnormal airspace consolidation. resolved interstitial edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
interstitial pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an age-indeterminate xxxx fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. healed remote left 9th rib fracture. right shoulder: negative for fracture or dislocation.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute disease. retrocardiac density xxxx corresponding to known hiatal hernia. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. there is retrocardiac density which xxxx corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease. calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. heart size is within normal limits. normal mediastinal contours. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the osseous structures are grossly intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.
the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. normal heart size and mediastinal silhouette. no edema. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring. the heart size is within normal limits. after cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. stable aortic tortuosity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stent visualized in the right upper quadrant xxxx biliary stent.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
xxxx displacement of a fusion xxxx on the lateral view with distal tip closely approximating the skin surface with a change in alignment since the previous exam. severe scoliosis tracheostomy tube left picc tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein repositioning recommended. heart size within normal limits for technique retrocardiac opacity xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis with small left hemithorax bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. vp shunt tubing and right nephrostomy tube.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no acute focal airspace opacification.
no acute process. stable cardiomegaly. there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they're stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart normal. lungs clear. upper lobe xxxx and emphysema.
congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting are present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. scattered calcified pulmonary nodules xxxx represents calcified granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx xxxx decreased in size from prior exam. heart size is normal. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is enlarged stable compared to the previous exam. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
xxxx opacities in the lingula. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. xxxx since the earlier study. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some xxxx bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. no focal pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. aortic calcifications.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
mildly hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge xxxx deformity of lheart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge xxxx deformity of l1 age-indeterminate.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute disease. vague right uppermid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures. ct may be warranted given patient's history. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on xxxx of xxxx. however additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormalities.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
compared to xxxx there is a xxxx left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated xxxx of xxxx. there is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the abdomen.
heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. age-indeterminate xxxx deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body. elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge xxxx of a vertebral body.
cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear. a xxxx xxxx lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process identified. specifically no radiographic evidence of aspiration. stable emphysematous changes right costophrenic xxxx pleural thickening and bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion identified. stable blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx due to pleural thickeningsclerosis. redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx. changes in the lungs consistent with copdemphysema. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior ct.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. prominence of superior mediastinal xxxx superimposed structures. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild bibasilar atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis. hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar right greater than left atelectasisairspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previously
left upper lobe pneumonia. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most xxxx pneumonia. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes. xxxx xxxx opacities. right base appears to represent atelectasis. left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. the appearance of the right base opacity xxxx atelectasis. the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest xxxx with the tip in the superior xxxx xxxx. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads.
chronic lung disease without acute findings. chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. bilateral apical pleural thickening. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. stable heart size. marked degenerative change of the xxxx status post remote right humerus fracture. xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body also xxxx chronic.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. normal pulmonary vascularity.
few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. these small nodules are relatively dense suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. comparison with an xxxx chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability. there are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung xxxx seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no overt pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
emphysema however no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe only seen on the ap view and may represent artifact. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal chest. heart and mediastinal contour normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. lung volumes remain low. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
xxxx bilateral lower lobe opacities. the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. pneumoperitoneum xxxx postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery. there are xxxx bilateral lower lobe opacities. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is lucency beneath the diaphragm consistent with pneumoperitoneum. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. there are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. small t-spine osteophytes are noted.
stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most xxxx representing chronic inflammatory change. also some peripheral xxxx fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe grossly stable. no xxxx acute airspace consolidation. stable mediastinal contour.
no change. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. both lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasiatortuosity. left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
xxxx right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. in the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition on the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note xxxx of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardio mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. no pneumothorax. no pneumonia. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine.
low lung volume exam. otherwise no acute findings. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm of uncertain chronicity. there is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding without evidence of focal airspace disease. heart is xxxx within normal limits for low lung volumes and ap technique. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or lobar air space consolidation. xxxx right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection.
very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are xxxx-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (bochdalek).
emphysema with increased lung markings markings possibly superimposed chronic lung diseasefibrosis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings particularly in the periphery and lung bases. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema. pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx and xxxx secondary to scarringemphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
kub there are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. these findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. chest left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which measure up to about 7 cm in diameter. there is also an extremely dilated xxxx in the same region which measures 9 cm in diameter. there is extensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is xxxx left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema. stable appearance of previous xxxx sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring. the heart size is within normal limits. after cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions.
possible small right pleural effusion without focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which may represent a small right pleural effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and heart size within normal limits and stable. no acute osseous abnormality. there is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. old healed left rib fractures are noted.
left basilar patchy opacities which may represent atelectasis or infection. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left basilar patchy opacities. small hiatal hernia.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted.
no acute findings. biapical opacities xxxx scarring. there are biapical opacities possibly scarring. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. right-sided chest xxxx catheter tip is at the lower svc. several right axillary surgical clips are noted. there are postoperative changes of right mastectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
mild cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings mild cardiomegaly stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral xxxx xxxx from prior study. although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density a xxxx sclerotic focus within the thoracic xxxx cannot be excluded. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone. the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is xxxx minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. xxxx right effusion is also present. cardiomegaly without overt edema. cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is left-sided xxxx central line with a xxxx lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperexpansion flattening of diaphragms and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. xxxx sternotomy changes are again noted. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. tubular densities overlying the heart xxxx are xxxx coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and xxxx represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
prominent transverse aorta. otherwise clear. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. azygos lobe is noted. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes noted in the spine.
evidence of prior granulomatous disease stable. no acute abnormality. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patient's previous chest ct and are xxxx the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
evidence of previous granulomatous infection. bibasilar bandlike opacities. the appearance xxxx atelectasisscar. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis.
no acute disease. left upper extremity pic catheter tip xxxx within left subclavian vein. findings communicated xxxx primordial. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle xxxx within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left 6th rib xxxx old injury.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
right perihilar lung nodule. recommend ct thorax with contrast to further assess. dr. xxxx xxxx the findings xxxx. size is normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. there is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. there is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung xxxx. it is not well visualized on lateral view.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
marked increase in heart size. cardiomegaly. question pericardial effusion. stable 5 cm nodule left mid chest xxxx a granuloma. lungs are clear. no effusion. stable left hilar lymphadenopathy.
no acute abnormality seen. normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which xxxx represents healing rib callus. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the right lower lobe pneumonia there is xxxx airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal.
cardiomegaly vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. bibasilar airspace disease bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. there is stable cardiomegaly with xxxx pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
there is cardiomegaly. no pulmonary edema. lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. s-shaped curvature thoracic spine noted. left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 8 xxxx xxxx splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not xxxx to be further localized or characterized on xxxx film. vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less xxxx.
stable blunting of right costophrenic xxxx with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified ap xxxx lymph xxxx are seen. a small right-sided pleural effusion versus thickening. right inferior rib deformities.
small bilateral pleural effusions. left picc line and ng tube remain in xxxx. heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. small bilateral pleural effusions are present. no pneumothorax is noted.
left basilar airspace disease. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. tortuous and dilated aorta. chronic interstitial markings. left base opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
right upper lobe airspace consolidation please correlate clinically for pneumonia. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is xxxx airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. the xxxx fissure is convex upward. there is right base patchy airspace opacity. this appears chronic and may be due to scarring. there is no significant pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is mild xxxx opacification over both xxxx xxxx secondary to soft tissue attenuation. there are no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. within the right lower lobes there are xxxx airspace opacities xxxx representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.
cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. scattered xxxx of left base scarringatelectasis. cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered xxxx opacities are present whose appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothorax is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above. compared to prior examination there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung which may represent mild residual airspace disease atelectasis or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations pneumothorax or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
stable left lower lung xxxx calcified granuloma. otherwise lungs are clear. left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node unchanged. no xxxx of the pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. no xxxx of active tuberculosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. stigmata of xxxx cell disease. cholelithiasis. mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar xxxx opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. sclerosis of the humeral xxxx bilateral xxxx from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. scattered calcified granuloma. degenerative changes the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
wide mediastinal xxxx consistent with history of aortic dissection. otherwise normal chest x-xxxx. the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic xxxx. no acute pulmonary process. the heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. left xxxx xxxx noted with tip approximating the high svc stable. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
in view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of xxxx acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion. picc line catheter tip xxxx in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung xxxx. there is a larger area of xxxx patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.
no active disease. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung xxxx are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam.
patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. mild xxxx opacities in the retrocardiac region. no large effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
possible right lower lobe pneumonia. cardiomegaly heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
no acute process. no definite pulmonary nodules are seen. if clinically indicated further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules are identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs. normal heart. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. old right rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is stable xxxx scarring in the right upper lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. pelvis. no acute osseous findings. chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. s-shaped spine curvature noted.
mild cardiomegaly with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe. there is mild cardiomegaly. the aorta is tortuous. there is xxxx opacities noted in the right lower lobe xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no displaced rib fractures. if there is high clinical concern consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
no active disease. lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
moderately hyperinflated lung xxxx otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs consistent with copd and unchanged. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic xxxx seen. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
borderline cardiac enlargement. tortuous aorta. prominent hilar contours. worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung somewhat pleural based. a pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. a followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. if this area does not resolve further characterization with xxxx may be warranted.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
normal heart size. xxxx scarring in the left lung base. otherwise clear lungs. reconstructed right clavicle.
interval removal of xxxx stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. compared to prior examination xxxx stent has been removed. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted. there are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema. there is moderate cardiomegaly. there are bilateral interstitial opacities increased since the previous exam. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. if further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from xxxx.
no acute process. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx xxxx opacity in left midlung. the lungs are clear.
minimal atelectasis platelike in the right upper lobe. heart size upper limits normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. scattered calcified granulomas noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
mild cardiomegaly. there are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. left hip. advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. xxxx right medial basilar airspace disease. left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax . xxxx right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic xxxx. there is a xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is xxxx alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized xxxx are unremarkable in appearance.
normal chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size near top normal limits mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no evidence of active tuberculosis. xxxx left upper lobe opacities. the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits.
cardiomegaly similar to prior examination. negative for evidence of acute pulmonary disease. cardiomegaly. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no significant change in right pneumothorax or pleural fluid. mediastinal contours are normal. no significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid..
hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. no focal pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. aortic calcifications.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. pectus excavatum. right shoulder and right clavicle: no acute bony abnormality identified. the lateral most screw of the clavicular fixation xxxx is fractured. this is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. clinical correlation is xxxx. heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. there is a mild pectus excavatum deformity. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. there is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings. right shoulder: 3 images. there has been xxxx and screw fixation of the midshaft right clavicle. the lateral most screw is fractured. this is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. otherwise the surgical xxxx appears intact. the humeral head is seen within the glenoid without evidence for dislocation. no bony fractures are seen. the visualized right ribs appear intact. right clavicle: 2 images. no clavicle fracture is seen. once again noted is the surgical fixation xxxx with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw.
chronic parenchymal changes xxxx reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis. no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable. no acute infiltrate is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size is normal the lungs are clear
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right elbow and forearm. no acute traumatic finding. left ankle. no acute traumatic finding. midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. xxxx unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue xxxx around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation.
no active disease..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are normal in appearance.
there is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. no overt edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically no evidence of active tuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no active pulmonary disease. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the cardiomediastinal contour is normal. no acute osseous lesions are identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size within normal limits minimal aortic ectasiatortuosity. abnormal interstitial pattern nonspecific in appearance with xxxx differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease infectious inflammatory process atypical pulmonary edema. not highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration. chronic appearing contour deformity of the distal right clavicle suggests old injury. no definite pleural effusion seen no pneumothorax.
xxxx left lower lobe airspace disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. xxxx airspace disease within the left lower lung. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the right breast.
increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. with increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection chest ct is recommended for further evaluation. there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are surgical clips in the right axilla region.
1 cm of apical opacity scarring versus nodule. a noncontrast xxxx is indicated for further characterization. critical result notification documented through primordial. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. there is minimal left basilar xxxx opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. calcified lymph xxxx are identified in the left infrahilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
no evidence of active disease. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
low volume study without acute process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiothoracic process. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. negative for pneumothorax. negative for focal air space consolidation. some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases xxxx relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there is no obvious displaced rib fracture. if there is concern for fracture consider rib series.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable mild cardiomegaly. prominent central vasculature. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. tracheostomy tube. probable mild cardiomegaly. prominence of the central vasculature unchanged. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
mildly hyperinflated clear lungs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. incidental note is xxxx of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. continued clear lungs. the mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
copd. basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity xxxx due to discoid atelectasis andor xxxx scarring. there are emphysematous changes particularly within the right upper lobe. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. emphysematous changes in the lungs. the lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size normal. no mass or focal opacities seen. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
moderate hiatal hernia. no definite pneumonia. lungs are relatively clear. heart size normal. unfolded aorta. moderate hiatal hernia. t-spine osteophytes and dish.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissues are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. calcific aorta. stable bilateral calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. stable mild hyperinflation right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly. no infiltrates or effusions. right catheter tip upper svc. the xxxx appears to be a normal orientation on the lateral film. there's been no change in position of the catheter since the prior exam.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute findings. the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen.
possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. consider ct for further evaluation if clinically indicated. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. emphysematous changes are identified. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the aortic xxxx is mildly tortuous. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. large body habitus.
mild hyperinflation air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. right hemidiaphragm eventration. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. considering the associated degenerative changes a large geode is most xxxx. if further imaging is desired dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. there are advanced degenerative changes in the xxxx bilaterally. there is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1a margins.
hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is no pulmonary nodule identified. there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated.
no acute acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits.
right apical scarring as before. right midlung granuloma. no suspicious appearing nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the xxxx. tortuous aorta.
interval placement of right humeral orthopedic xxxx incompletely evaluated. if attention is desired to this area consider dedicated shoulder x-xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. interval placement of right humeral prosthesis incompletely evaluated. incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion xxxx. xxxx cholecystectomy.
right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs in 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is right basilar air space opacity.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration.
unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most xxxx representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified right hilar granuloma. there are degenerative changes of the xxxx. there is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most xxxx represents a skinfold. there is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. question mild right atrial enlargement no findings to suggest pulmonary edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest ct with iv contrast. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region may represent calcified granulomas. there is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. this may represent pleural based process. the exact xxxx is unclear. followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma is present in the right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. in the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. this was not present on the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. multiple chronic changes as described above. mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency xxxx represents a large hiatal hernia unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic xxxx deformity.
vague 5 cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib. further evaluation will require a chest ct. remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no effusion or adenopathy. heart size is normal.
left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged.
clear lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
small left basilar parenchymal scarring andor effusion. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph. postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. there is tortuosity andor ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. no consolidative airspace opacities. blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. no demonstrable pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality findings compatible with emphysema. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate pneumothorax pleural effusion or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours.
left lower lobe opacities xxxx representing pneumonia. enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension. there are scattered xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum xxxx representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
comparison xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia. patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. if there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. right chest xxxx tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. the lungs are grossly clear. no pneumothorax is seen. there are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.
significant bilateral emphysematous changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. this could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. xxxx chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. mild increased lung markings xxxx due to chronic changes. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact.
unchanged appearance of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of which is xxxx but could include interstitial edema infectious process or interstitial disease. unchanged cardiomegaly. there is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. unchanged vascular appearance. there is patchy retrocardiac opacity. negative for pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
elevated left diaphragm. no focal airspace disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. left hemidiaphragm is elevated.
prior granulomatous disease. negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. right suprahilar calcified lymph xxxx. right lung base calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
mild bibasilar airspace disease probably atelectasis. heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence of the mediastinum. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right chest wall surgical clips compatible with prior lumpectomy. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. associated right pleural effusion. in the interval consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic xxxx blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. xxxx mild streaky opacities in the left base atelectasis versus infiltrate. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute disease. left upper extremity pic catheter tip xxxx within left subclavian vein. findings communicated xxxx primordial. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle xxxx within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left 6th rib xxxx old injury.
stable chest x-xxxx without acute cardiopulmonary findings. frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion consolidation or pneumothorax.
no heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. minimal fibrosis in the right apex may be due to xxxx radiation treatment.
continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. stable as compared to earlier study. the changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted.
heart size upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no edema focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. xxxx pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally.
findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection. heart size is mildly enlarged. there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
lungs appear hyperinflated. this may be secondary to xxxx voluntary xxxx considering patient's age. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
low lung volumes patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring unchanged from prior study blunting of the costophrenic xxxx suggestive of small pleural effusions. this is seen xxxx in the posterior costophrenic recesses esophagogastric to the in xxxx the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed previously noted left-sided picc line has been removed.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion.
borderline cardiomegaly. otherwise unremarkable exam. there is borderline cardiomegaly. mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified right paratracheal lymph xxxx are seen. aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. there are significant degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left hilar lymph node. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of chf. large lung volumes as before. no acute airspace disease. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased xxxx opacities on lateral projection xxxx reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no evidence of thoracic injury. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions. no pneumonia
xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air. left lateral decubitus film may be helpful. clear lungs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show arthritic changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. right jugular xxxx catheter present with tip overlying the lower svc. curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. correlate clinically. normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. xxxx scarsubsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
normal chest. heart size normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. soft tissues and xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear.
no active disease.
clear lungs no focal airspace consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no acute pulmonary disease. evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. no visible pleural xxxx. no focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. included osseous structures are grossly intact.
stable radiographic view of chest. right mid lung nodule stable xxxx; etiology not determined. this is noncalcified and is stable since a ct examination from xxxx and is xxxx benign etiology. the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. costophrenic xxxx clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in xxxx and alignment. overlying leads.
streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation. rotated position considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits. no definite pleural effusion seen left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax.
tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. ill-defined 5 cm x 9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung xxxx lower lobe. this is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. although this could be scar concern is for nodule and further evaluation xxxx chest is recommended. a message was left with doctor xxxx' service at 142 pm xxxx1mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. osteopenia. minimal loss of xxxx of an upper thoracic vertebra. irregular 8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 xxxx callus with xxxx similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. heart size normal.
suspected left hemidiaphragm paralysis. consider a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation. consider xxxx of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential xxxx. critical result notification documented through primordial. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema. pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx and xxxx secondary to scarringemphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
scattered xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis most notably in the right middle lobe. mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are scattered bilateral xxxx opacities most notably in the right middle lobe xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. moderate cardiomegaly. bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions.
no active pulmonary disease. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild xxxx xxxx curvature thoracolumbar junction.
bilateral pleural effusions right larger than left abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis differential diagnosis includes infection aspiration atypical distribution pulmonary edema bilateral pleural effusions left small right moderate in size abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins stable mediastinal contours.
large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. small right pleural effusion. right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding infiltrates or pulmonary edema. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart xxxx.
no active disease.
no acute findings. stable cardiac enlargement. enlarged cardiac contour stable. calcified vasculature. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. no confluent consolidation pleural effusion or overt pulmonary edema. mild thoracic spondylosis.
right upper lobe pneumonia. consideration may be given for followup chest x-xxxx following appropriate therapy. the patient is rotated to left. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. xxxx lucency along the left ventricular xxxx xxxx related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. patchy right perihilarupper lobe opacities which abut the xxxx fissure on lateral projection. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. no definite acute bone abnormality.
xxxx airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level. follow up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy. there is a xxxx moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. xxxx airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. no visualized pneumothorax. the right lateral heart xxxx is obscured. the left lung is clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
findings of copd with no acute changes. lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute abnormality. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen.
probable left midlung and left basilar atelectasis. cardiomegaly. the heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. again noted is xxxx and left midlung airspace opacity xxxx atelectasis. there is left basilar opacity xxxx atelectasis as well. there is improved right midlung opacity. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. extensive atherosclerotic disease.
subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe. heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no fracture visualized. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. the visualized bony structures appear intact. there is a xxxx radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is xxxx external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. scattered calcified granulomas.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. scattered calcified granulomas. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. recommend follow pa and lateral radiograph xxxx xxxx or ct thorax for further evaluation. bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable mild heart enlargement.prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. it is increased from most recent prior exam on xxxx. however it appears similar compared to xxxx exams performed in xxxx. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. focal opacity in the left upper lobe xxxx represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
exam somewhat limited costophrenic xxxx excluded. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. examination is somewhat limited the costophrenic xxxx and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study.
large left hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
copd and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung xxxx. there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung xxxx bilaterally. this is xxxx to be similar to xxxx scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. xxxx mild streaky opacities in the left base atelectasis versus infiltrate. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
small streaky opacity lateral right lung subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung atelectasis versus scarring.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax.
no heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. minimal fibrosis in the right apex may be due to xxxx radiation treatment.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits
borderline heart size. aortic atherosclerosis. small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. right-sided central catheter tip low svc. ng tube has been removed. there is mild xxxx-distention of this stomach.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings apical lordotic frontal view. heart size within normal limits mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and xxxx xxxx widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.
stable chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no xxxx consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size normal. slight tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear. no effusions or edema
mild blunted right costophrenic xxxx which could be due to xxxx effusion or scarring. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. there is no infiltrate mass or pneumothorax. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed.
unremarkable examination of the chest. heart size normal. prominent epicardial fat. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated. dextroscoliosis noted.
cardiomegaly aortic ectasiatortuosity cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
similar exam with changes of cystic fibrosis. no xxxx focal abnormality. right xxxx-a-xxxx tip overlies the mid svc. similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no focal air space consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of emphysema. lungs are hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion. followup to resolution is recommended. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are stable. aortic calcifications are noted. there are small calcified lymph xxxx. emphysema and chronic changes are identified. there is xxxx opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. there is questionable xxxx extension to the pleural surface. this may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an s-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear xxxx deformity identified. left shoulder: there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator xxxx pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head xxxx reflecting calcific tendinitis.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is cardiomegaly. no pulmonary edema. lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. s-shaped curvature thoracic spine noted. left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 8 xxxx xxxx splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not xxxx to be further localized or characterized on xxxx film. vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions xxxx focal atelectasis and scarring. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms consistent with emphysema. there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx represents pleural thickening and scarring. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. considering technical factors heart size xxxx at xxxx mildly enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
exam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged. marked bronchovascular crowding indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding mild pulmonary edema interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude. no definite pleural effusion seen. osseous demineralization and exaggerated kyphosis vp shunt tubing noted.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. an element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. in addition subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. no pneumothorax is identified. the osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. incidental note is xxxx of nipple xxxx.
2 cm noncalcified nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a xxxx. there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 0 cm which is xxxx to be in the posterobasal segment. there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at xxxx some concern for neoplasm. a xxxx is recommended. no airspace disease effusion or cavitary nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
normal chest. heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear. the bony thorax is grossly intact.
no acute pulmonary process. large hiatal hernia. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. large hiatal hernia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung lines remain low. however no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild s-shaped curvature of the thoracic spine. no displaced acute fractures are identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. no acute pulmonary findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. elevated right diaphragm. the lungs are clear. xxxx degenerative spondylosis. there appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.
atelectasis versus scar left lung base. otherwise unremarkable. xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please xxxx. xxxx xxxx certified radiologist at xxxx. heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. xxxx opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
cardiomegaly without acute disease. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are extensive vascular calcifications. there is a left midlung calcified granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. there is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. no focal air space consolidations are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately t1
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size appears within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette xxxx representing a hiatal hernia. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
bandlike opacities in the right base. appearance suggests atelectasis. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. remainder of the lungs appear clear.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
lobulated contour of the right paratracheal stripe. this may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest ct. otherwise no acute intrathoracic abnormality. there is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no active disease..
core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. in addition focal lentiform hyperdensity along the xxxx aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs. there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. in addition there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is streaky xxxx opacity within the left lung base xxxx representing atelectasis. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is hyperinflation of the lungs.
pathologic fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc. left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. xxxx fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. an ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area could be projectional or solid mass further study xxxx is recommended. there is an ovoid opacity 5 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view not well-seen on the lateral view a dedicated xxxx scan is recommended. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx normal. an indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of tuberculosis. stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx xxxx representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. xxxx are unremarkable.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes are present in the xxxx spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant.
focal atelectasis to the left lung posterior to the heart. calcified lymph xxxx in both xxxx. xxxx amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
no active disease. left and right knees negative. chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart size normal. a calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not xxxx since the abdomen ct. left and right knees. xxxx xxxx spaces and soft tissues are normal.
left picc tip at cavoatrial junction. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a left-sided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx xxxx to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
elevated left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. central venous catheter is again noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute findings. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted.
probable xxxx posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. no lobar pneumonia. normal heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. scattered granulomas. no lobar pneumonia. probable xxxx post your recess effusions. kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
hypoventilated lungs but no focal consolidation. the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. left hip. advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis.
cardiomegaly. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination. overall low lung volumes. lungs are grossly clear. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. this appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. heart and mediastinum unchanged. no change hiatus hernia.
continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. extensive post-op changes. right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. although this could represent air-fluid within a xxxx of bowel a subpulmonic process is a consideration. if clinically indicated xxxx scan would better define this. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. right base densities are again noted which appear improved. previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. there continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. an air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. no definite pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted. the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
mild pulmonary vascular congestion with xxxx xxxx bilateral effusions. constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure. pa and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy xxxx and myocardial revascularization. cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. there is mild vascular congestion. small bilateral pleural effusions are present which are xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. xxxx xxxx sternotomy xxxx appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. xxxx calcified granuloma seen. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
scattered xxxx opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. there is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.
comparison xxxx. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. granulomas are seen within the right lung. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
emphysema without acute infiltrate. progressive xxxx deformity of midthoracic vertebral body xxxx t9. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph xxxx are again identified. there is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues stable in appearance from prior studies. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. xxxx deformity of t9 appears worse than prior study.
bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement. followup chest x-xxxx versus further imaging xxxx may be indicated. correlation with prior films would be helpful if available. the heart is normal in size. there is bihilar prominence. the lungs are clear.
heart size is top normal. tortuous aorta. no edema. patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. no pneumothorax. right hilar surgical clips.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
emphysematous change without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
moderate thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. the patient's chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
left basilar airspace disease. recommend follow up chest x-xxxx to document resolution xxxx for better characterization. there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no evidence of metastatic disease. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding bibasilar opacities xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis infiltrates pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude. low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities right greater than left. bronchovascular crowding indistinct central vascular margination. no findings to suggest pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. if none are available consider nonemergent xxxx chest for further characterization. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax identified. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus excavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. no pneumothorax. mediastinum cardiac size grossly stable. small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion increased xxxx compared to prior chest radiograph. left lung base atelectasisairspace disease.
left basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. the lungs focal airspace consolidation. there is atelectasis of the left lung base. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cervical vertebral xxxx is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.
heart size within normal limits. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. right humeral head bone anchor.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary xxxx xxxx a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. borderline cardiac enlargement. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. there is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
pa and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. the lungs appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there is no pneumothorax. pleural spaces are clear. there is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. findings could represent resolving histoplasmosis infection sarcoidosis or malignancy xxxx as lymphoma or primary lung cancer. recommend contrast-enhanced chest ct for further evaluation.
normal heart size. no xxxx of pleural effusions. there appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. similar changes appear to have been present xxxx scan focused on the abdomen xxxx. for more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider xxxx with high resolution technique. there are no xxxx of acute airspace disease. no lung masses visualized. visualized bony structures have normal appearance.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. stable mild hyperinflation right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity xxxx subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. infiltrate is xxxx less xxxx but not entirely excluded. mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated. there are xxxx streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. xxxx b-lines are also noted. definite infiltrate is not excluded. there is no large effusion.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly stable. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size slightly enlarged. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable right-sided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable appearing right-sided xxxx the opacities. there is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation aspiration clinical correlation recommended heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. probable dish of the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormality. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly atherosclerotic disease. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the xxxx. stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
stable chest with stable position right chest pacemaker and leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. no pneumothorax identified. stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. stable cardiomegaly. calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. stable mild interstitial opacities. unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. no pneumothorax or large effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there are severe arthritic changes of the xxxx with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
left base atelectasis. lungs otherwise clear. there is minimal xxxx opacity in the left lung base xxxx representing atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion. the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary xxxx suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the right-sided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic xxxx blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothorax.
heart size normal. stable mediastinal silhouette. no lobar consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild increased reticular interstitial opacity. increased interstitial opacities non-specific. question edema or atypical infection?
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.
asymmetric left suprahilar opacity consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy. correlate clinically as to xxxx or symptoms of infection. recommend followup radiograph to document resolution. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. no discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart. clear lungs. trachea midline. scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. decreasing right pleural effusion. there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. persistent small right pleural effusion and xxxx xxxx atelectasis. no pneumothorax. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormality.
no acute disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
decreased lung volumes. bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral xxxx xxxx be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the bilateral xxxx.
no pneumothorax or effusion. no pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs clear
compared to xxxx there are xxxx extensive bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities concerning for atypical infection. result notification xxxx primordial. normal heart size. diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. no effusions or chf identified. a few scant reticular opacities in right lung base xxxx hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance xxxx compared to the previous examinations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.
well-expanded and clear lungs. conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
stable minimal cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no pneumonia. minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. there is xxxx deformity of the 8th vertebral body. these bony lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the visualized xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. marrow pneumothorax focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. bilateral nipple shadows. right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. xxxx overlies the common bile duct.
slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no rib abnormalities are seen. the lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
unremarkable chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size of the limits of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus.
slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size normal. lungs clear. stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodulelymph node or superimposing blood xxxx. in the absence of prior studies for comparison xxxx chest for further evaluation. result notification xxxx primordial. there is a 5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. xxxx opacities xxxx representing surgical clips in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality. this examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are present. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. right shoulder. scapular fracture. clavicle. acromioclavicular separation. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable xxxx foreign body noted over the left chest. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic xxxx. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is dextrocurvature within the spine.
chronic changes as described no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours coronary artery stent artifact xxxx xxxx and clips suggest cabg. mediastinal and hilar calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process. stable hyperinflation bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities right greater than left xxxx opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. no xxxx abnormal pulmonary opacities no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. osseous demineralization stable appearance of t9 and t12 xxxx fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. mediastinal contours appear normal. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. clear lungs. low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
no lobar pneumonia is present. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. no active pneumonia. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in xxxx.
stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx calcific density in the left mid to upper lung xxxx represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. in the appropriate clinical setting this is compatible with infectionpneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. if clinical findings are discordant a xxxx is recommended. 2 images. heart size is enlarged stable. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there is xxxx dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are hyper expanded consistent with copd. no parenchymal infiltrates. no xxxx of pleural effusions. normal heart size. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease unchanged.
moderate congestive cardiac failure. moderate bilateral interstitial edema with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. a large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy xxxx chronic fungal. no pneumothorax.
no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. a 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view.
left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. similar-appearing left midlung scarring. there is 9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proximal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. xxxx left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
left basilar opacity xxxx represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomegaly. no xxxx airspace disease. the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. there is a large amount of xxxx distending the stomach which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most xxxx representing overlying shadows of bony structures which is stable.
mild stable cardiomegaly. the heart is borderline size. aorta is atherosclerotic. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
moderate right pleural effusion. moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. clear left lung xxxx.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
low lung volumes otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
negative chest lungs are clear. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
question prior right upper lobe resection no acute abnormality. there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart size.
no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
normal chest x-xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. visualized bony structures are normal.
stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. small bilateral pleural effusions. changes post bilateral thoracotomy and xxxx sternotomy. intact xxxx xxxx. stable position of the epicardial xxxx xxxx. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions.
interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation right greater than left xxxx representing pneumonia.. followup imaging to document resolution is recommended. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality.
clear lungs. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
unremarkable examination of the chest. heart size normal. prominent epicardial fat. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
copd with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection. both lungs remain hyperexpanded. no xxxx focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex. however it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. heart size remains normal.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax large pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. left mid lung focal atelectasis. lung volumes are low. the heart is large the pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates. xxxx opacity is present in the left midlung.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is within normal limits. tortuous aorta. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. right lower lung granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. right paratracheal prominence xxxx represents tortuous xxxx. comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available. heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence xxxx represents tortuous xxxx. xxxx lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
bibasilar airspace disease greater on the right either atelectasis or infiltrate. platelike right midlung atelectasis. there is mild cardiomegaly. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease either atelectasis or infiltrate. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
stable normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx and interstitium. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx and interstitium. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease.
considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
possible area of pneumonitis right lower lobe. there may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
right lower lobe pneumonia. heart size is within normal limits. tortuous thoracic aorta. there is patchy right base airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
minimal small area scarring of the left base. there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. hyperlucent lungs xxxx related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. xxxx opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. probable pectus deformity. negative for acute bony abnormality.
minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. low lung volumes. normal cardiomediastinal contours. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. mild bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
borderline heart size improved mediastinal widening. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild hypoventilation bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size within normal limits. dense mitral annular calcification. tortuous and ectatic atherosclerotic aorta. no edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated. there is left basilar scarring. no xxxx consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
xxxx xxxx right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. no residual pneumothorax. small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation. xxxx xxxx right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. no definite residual pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes. no large pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
improving bilateral interstitial edema pattern. small right-sided pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. there is minimal right-sided pleural effusion. heart silhouette is not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. there is no pneumothorax
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
irregular density in the left upper lung on pa xxxx xxxx artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures. chest fluoroscopy or xxxx would confirm this otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. density in the left upper lung on pa xxxx xxxx represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. there is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which xxxx contributes to this appearance. the lungs otherwise appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. in the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contour is normal. there are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. there is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
stable xxxx silhouette. no pneumothorax. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion. unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. mild osteopenia degenerative changes. no fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the right lower lobe pneumonia there is xxxx airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
heart upper limits normal. lungs clear
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine.
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
prominent interstitial markings xxxx represent xxxx bronchiolitis. no focal areas of consolidation. prominent interstitial markings. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary process. large hiatal hernia. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. large hiatal hernia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.
heart size normal. slightly tortuous aorta unchanged. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. no pneumothorax. mediastinum cardiac size grossly stable. small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion increased xxxx compared to prior chest radiograph. left lung base atelectasisairspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
stable mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. right humeral head bone anchor.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx normal. an indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior xxxx xxxx.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. mild aortic tortuosity. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. mild bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary process heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. the most recent study is not available for comparison. recommend further evaluation with xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is a 5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. there is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted with obscuration of aortic contour. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. thin xxxx lingular scar unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
multifocal right-sided pneumonia. there is diffuse right-sided airspace disease with dense consolidation in the right base. a right upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. no pneumothorax or large effusions. heart size within normal limits.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute abnormality demonstrated. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are stable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified.
borderline cardiomegaly. age-indeterminate xxxx chronic xxxx deformity in the midthoracic spine. there are t-spine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline enlarged.
heart size normal. tortuous dilated aorta. minimal basilar infiltrate left base
exam somewhat limited costophrenic xxxx excluded. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. examination is somewhat limited the costophrenic xxxx and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study.
calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung seen well on pa view only. this may represent residua of a healed rib fracture possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. this could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. azygos fissure incidentally noted. lungs overall well expanded and clear. mediastinal contour in normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx intact.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly atherosclerotic disease. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic xxxx.
heart size is upper normal. tortuous and calcified aorta. no edema. bandlike left base and lingular opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no lobar consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. acute anterior xxxx deformities at l1-lplease see ct of the lumbar spine for further details. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there are acute mild anterior xxxx deformities identified at l1-lthere is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of la ct of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.
multilobar airspace consolidation. there is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
unchanged appearance of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of which is xxxx but could include interstitial edema infectious process or interstitial disease. unchanged cardiomegaly. there is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. unchanged vascular appearance. there is patchy retrocardiac opacity. negative for pneumothorax.
stable cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion is redemonstrated. patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. right base is clear. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is upper limits of normal in size. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a xxxx-a-xxxx terminating at the caval atrial junction without evidence of pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe xxxx old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings.
right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. within the right lower lobes there are xxxx airspace opacities xxxx representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
right foot no evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection. chest radiograph no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. clear lungs bilaterally. redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. no evidence of acute fracture-dislocations. no evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung xxxx are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. the cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote xxxx.
no active disease.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
stable emphysematous lung changes. no acute abnormality seen. normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the previously seen right-sided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic xxxx. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.
heart size normal.no significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. small residual right pneumothorax. increased right base atelectasis.catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is.
status post mediastinal surgery. cardiomegaly. atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. lung volumes are reduced. suspicion for at xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. calcified granuloma left upper lobe. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs appear relatively clear on today's exam. no significant interval change since the prior study and xxxx. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. clear lungs. status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic xxxx. pectus carinatum. stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. clear lungs.
clear lungs no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. this may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is calcified and tortuous compatible with atherosclerotic disease. since the prior study there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. the right lung is clear.
no active disease.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable left lower lung xxxx calcified granuloma. otherwise lungs are clear. left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node unchanged. no xxxx of the pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. no xxxx of active tuberculosis.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. an element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. in addition subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. no pneumothorax is identified. the osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. incidental note is xxxx of nipple xxxx.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle. this could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded. no prior images are currently available for comparison. if outside images are available comparison is recommended. otherwise xxxx scan of the chest. calcified granulomas are present. there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. this is approximately 2 cm in diameter. it may be secondary to overlapping structures. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is normal. calcifications of the aortic xxxx are seen. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. there has been a left mastectomy.
allowing for underpenetration the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are well-inflated and grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there is a xxxx-a-xxxx terminating in the superior xxxx xxxx. there are surgical clips in the left breast and axilla.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no active disease.. no visible cardiopulmonary injuries. xxxx change. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. prominent right epicardial fat xxxx
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
marked cardiomegaly. low lung volumes. there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are xxxx due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. scoliotic curvature of the spine with xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted.
redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma. the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest xxxx patient's known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise xxxx. there is no pleural effusion.
dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute bony abnormalities. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute abnormality. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
patchy opacities in right upper lobe concerning for pneumonia given history. right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. followup evaluation to resolution is recommended. the heart is normal in size. there is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. there are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease. mildly low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
stable groundglass and interstitial markings at the lung bases. overall this is not xxxx to represent a significant change from xxxx. frontal and lateral views. the cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. calcified granulomas are also identified. xxxx compared to the previous ct scan there has been no significant interval change. no developing airspace opacity or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is xxxx a hiatal hernia.
probable small bilateral pleural effusions. possible lower thoracic xxxx deformity not well characterized on today's study. the lungs are clear. there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not grossly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic xxxx deformity that is not well-characterized. arthritic changes are seen.
no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
no active disease.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. normal pulmonary vascularity. no overt edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. mild age-indeterminate wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate mild wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours mediastinal clips left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical.
no comparison chest x-xxxx xxxx lungs. lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. no substantial mediastinal shift seen. right lung grossly clear.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx remain normal.
no active disease. mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs xxxx clear. xxxx xxxx normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is hiatal hernia.
no acute disease. left lower lobe nodule of uncertain identity. chest ct may be of further xxxx. xxxx level veriphy message sent. lungs are free of infiltrates. however in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. the right lung is clear. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left hilar lymph node. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality. borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg and stable mild cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
low lung volumes patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring unchanged from prior study blunting of the costophrenic xxxx suggestive of small pleural effusions. this is seen xxxx in the posterior costophrenic recesses esophagogastric to the in xxxx the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed previously noted left-sided picc line has been removed.
large left lower lobe opacity xxxx represents a large layering pleural effusion. right lung is clear. large left lower lobe opacity is present. there does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. the mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact..
mild stable cardiomegaly no acute disease. the heart is mildly enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear.
heart size normal. lungs clear
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear.
bandlike opacities in the right base. appearance suggests atelectasis. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. remainder of the lungs appear clear.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no nodules masses or infiltrates. no bony abnormalities.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above. compared to prior examination there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung which may represent mild residual airspace disease atelectasis or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations pneumothorax or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
findings consistent with left base airspace disease. there is no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal vascular markings. left basilar retrocardiac opacity. no pneumothorax.
multiple bilateral calcified granulomas most xxxx sequela of granulomatous process. no focal infiltrate or consolidation. if one would like to discuss this case further please xxxx. xxxx at xxxx. thanks. heart size normal. mediastinum unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. no focal volume loss evident. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax unremarkable.
no displaced rib fractures pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are normal in appearance.
focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. mild pulmonary vascular congestion. there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. this was not present on the recent prior study. there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there is a prosthetic valve. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
stable pacemaker generator within the left chest with 2 distal leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle also in stable position. no pneumothorax. pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures.
bibasilar opacities right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild nonspecific prominence of mediastinum consider repeat cxr xxxx if any concern for vascular process. technically limited study secondary to patient xxxx. decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size is normal. there is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex otherwise lungs clear
mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs clear. no edema or effusions.
no active disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. this could suggest emphysematous bullae. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe. heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. possible small effusions. sternotomy. heart size normal. left ij catheter tip mid svc
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardio mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. mildly low lung volumes. no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe xxxx representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
xxxx change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. thoracolumbar scoliosis.
marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from xxxx. stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable prominent ovoid opacity (3 x 8 xxxx) xxxx a large left upper lobe xxxx xxxx reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from xxxx. no xxxx areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
stable appearing hyperinflated chest. postop changes mediastinum as before. no suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
clear lungs. xxxx deformities within the midthoracic spine. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is a left chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc. there is xxxx deformity within the midthoracic spine.
mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active infectioustuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left abdominal surgical clips. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is again biapical scarring. small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
small bilateral pleural effusions with a few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease. endotracheal tube and ng tube have been removed. mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine.
increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. interval removal of right chest tube no pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and xxxx right basilar atelectasis. left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. no xxxx focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is a stable left picc with tip overlying the mid svc and large xxxx feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions pneumonia nodules or masses.
unremarkable chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in xxxx study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear. heart is normal size. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
comparison xxxx xxxx hyperexpansion and changes of copd as before. calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. lungs are overall clear. mediastinal contour stable. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous examination..
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted.
no evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
there is a left ij tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. the heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no edema. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. thoracic spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. lumbar spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. thoracic spine: mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative endplate changes. lumbar spine: there are 5 nonrib-bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. alignment is within normal limits. vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. moderate amount of stool..
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. prior anterior cervical fusion.
there is cardiomegaly. lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. there is central vascular congestion.
cardiomegaly with xxxx right pleural effusion. cardiomegaly. prominent xxxx are stable. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. minimal right costophrenic xxxx blunting. no focal infiltrates.
moderate enlargement of the heart xxxx. this shows significant interval increase in size from the remote xxxx comparison. xxxx cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. minimal patchy infiltrateatelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx. a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall stable compared to prior examination.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval removal of left-sided chest tube. small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam now measuring approximately 9 cm from the thoracic apex. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion.
heart normal. lungs clear. calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar xxxx.
vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patient's history. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no focal airspace consolidation. emphysema. stable biapical opacities possibly scarring. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are biapical opacities stable from the prior study. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
borderline heart size stable. interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable. small calcified lymph xxxx are seen. dual-xxxx left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. the right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. there are xxxx streaky areas of atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
heart size mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific.
left basilar airspace disease. recommend follow up chest x-xxxx to document resolution xxxx for better characterization. there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute preoperative findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
bandlike opacities in the right lung. appearance xxxx atelectasis. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no definite evidence of acute fracture.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
xxxx opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable appearance of the chest. no xxxx or acute finding on today's study. normal heart size. left chest xxxx tip mid svc. right axillary surgical clips. stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. no acute pulmonary findings.
round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. this may represent xxxx pulmonary nodule. the primordial xxxx was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe rounded focal density. could be xxxx lung nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
no acute process. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
xxxx lungs without focal consolidation. lungs are xxxx without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post xxxx sternotomy. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is xxxx of previous left rotator xxxx repair.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
low volume study without definite acute process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted.
findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. there is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding bibasilar opacities xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis infiltrates pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude. low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities right greater than left. bronchovascular crowding indistinct central vascular margination. no findings to suggest pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
clear lungs. sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
multifocal right-sided pneumonia. there is diffuse right-sided airspace disease with dense consolidation in the right base. a right upper extremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. no pneumothorax or large effusions. heart size within normal limits.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable lingular nodule presumably granuloma . no pleural effusion pneumothorax or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the previously seen right-sided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. low lung volumes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities. if there is continued concern for occult fracture consider dedicated rib series. cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. multiple granulomas. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. scattered granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
vague opacity in the right midlung this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. bibasilar airspace opacities xxxx atelectasis. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. streaky bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis. vague opacity in the right midlung. scattered calcified granulomas. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. no effusion. no adenopathy. ct scan is the xxxx xxxx to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. no bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable mild interstitial prominence. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.
normal chest radiograph. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
all lines and tubes in stable  xxxx position. limited portable study with stable appearance of lung xxxx with stable widened mediastinum no xxxx acute findingspneumothorax noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. unchanged chronic appearance of the left lung. there is stable left costophrenic xxxx blunting. the patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. heart size normal. no visualized pneumothorax. there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pulmonary nodules identified. heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. multiple punctate round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view. these may reside within or outside of the patient.
no acute findings see above. moderate cardiomegaly. prominent vascular pedicleupper mediastinal contour. mild central vascular congestion. no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
hyperexpanded lungs. otherwise normal chest x-xxxx. the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. no acute bony abnormalities. no effusion or infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia. right xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. some prominent perihilar opacities are present. some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active disease. minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
no active disease.
mild costophrenic xxxx blunting suggesting xxxx bilateral pleural effusions andor thickening. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic diseaseemphysema. no focal consolidation is seen.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. unchanged multiple xxxx foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues. the bony thorax is grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. calcified granulomas in bilateral xxxx and overlying the t9 vertebral body(lateral view). no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
lobulated contour of the right paratracheal stripe. this may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest ct. otherwise no acute intrathoracic abnormality. there is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is within normal limits. tortuous aorta. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. right lower lung granuloma.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute traumatic findings. right upper lobe 6 mm nodular opacity. this may be artifactual secondary to overlapping vascular structures. however true pulmonary nodule is a possibility. this appears xxxx from xxxx. consider further evaluation with dedicated pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx the patient is xxxx. there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this appears xxxx from the prior study. the lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
large medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer. xxxx chest with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. xxxx xxxx xxxx. xxxx's xxxx was notified of this result at xxxxpm xxxxxxxx and accepted receipt. results were faxed. large medial right upper lobe mass lesion measuring approximately 8 cm x 0 cm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. lungs clear. heart size within normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
minimal small area scarring of the left base. there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. these are xxxx and increased from prior radiograph of xxxx  but were seen xxxx chest xxxx with largest in the left base measuring approximately 3 x 1 cm. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. pulmonary vascularity normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with xxxx goiter. low lung volumes. stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. stable right upper mediastinal bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax. stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. prominent left epicardial fat xxxx.
few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. these small nodules are relatively dense suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. comparison with an xxxx chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability. there are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung xxxx seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no overt pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. unchanged chronic appearance of the left lung. there is stable left costophrenic xxxx blunting. the patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. heart size normal. no visualized pneumothorax. there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. the distal tip of a right ij dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the xxxx which junction.
there is a left basilar airspace opacity which is concerning for pneumonia. right basilar atelectasis. there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
stable 1 cm right apical pneumothorax. minimal atelectasis left base. heart size normal
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no displaced rib fractures are seen. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. note is xxxx of calcifications in the aortic xxxx. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs.
stable left thoracotomy changes with left-sided volume loss. no acute interval change. the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of xxxx sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion.
stable right basilar scarring and right pleural thickening again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space xxxx a xxxx effusion or scarring. opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged xxxx scarring. heart size appears normal improved from prior study. there is no vascular congestion or edema. there's no pneumothorax.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-xxxx. no pneumothorax. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
continued severe cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. no acute pulmonary disease process identified. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
copd. no acute pulmonary disease. there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph xxxx are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
chronic appearing bibasilar pleural abnormality with possible small effusions. no evidence of pneumonia. tips shunt visualized. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung seen well on pa view only. this may represent residua of a healed rib fracture possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. this could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. azygos fissure incidentally noted. lungs overall well expanded and clear. mediastinal contour in normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no focal air space consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of emphysema. lungs are hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of obstructive lung disease. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
there is a left ij approach central catheter. there is a xxxx noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. the tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette is stable. no edema. essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis no xxxx consolidation or pneumothorax. xxxx left pleural effusion. chronic left 6th rib fracture.
heart size normal. right lung clear. minimal basilar atelectasis on the left
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. pulmonary vascularity is normal.
bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis. lung volumes are mildly decreased. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is bilateral lower lobe xxxx airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of active pulmonary pneumonia on today's exam. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
low lung volumes with mild crowding. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum without significant change. lung volumes are decreased with crowding. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax. stable streaky left basilar airspace disease possibly atelectasis. there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. xxxx xxxx of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. small left pleural effusion appears unchanged. there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to xxxx. there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous xxxx xxxx which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no radiographic evidence of active tuberculosis. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. abnormal configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic xxxx versus dextrocardia. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right xxxx versus dextrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute preoperative findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute findings no evidence for active tb. heart size within normal limits. small nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this does not look like an acute infiltrate and more xxxx represents a granuloma. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
clear lungs. mildly blunted right costophrenic xxxx without definite pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx without definite pleural effusion.
mild to moderate cardiomegaly. vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema heart size mildly to moderately enlarged distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. mild vascular cephalization no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema no focal alveolar consolidation. no pleural effusion xxxx demonstrated.
this is xxxx since the previous study. clear lungs. apparent old rib fractures in the left anterior chest. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. there is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. appearance suggests an old rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. no lobar consolidation pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. not xxxx showing benign type calcification consider followup xxxx of the chest for characterization.
no evidence of active disease. there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
left midlung opacity not well seen on prior exam may represent focus of airspace disease. stable left base opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis. postsurgical changes as above. right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx. left base opacities again noted stable. there is a left lung opacity not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs clear. stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule
no focal lung consolidation. copd. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with copd. mild cardiomegaly. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. right knee. stable advanced degenerative changes most severe in the medial compartment. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right knee. there has been prior ligamentous repair. there is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. no knee joint effusion. no fractures or dislocations.
borderline heart size. elevated left diaphragm. clear right lung. tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. extensive airspace disease in the left base. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. if patient's symptoms persist recommend repeat study xxxx chest in one xxxx. pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no displaced rib fractures demonstrated. there is mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are mild xxxx opacities bilaterally favoring scar or atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. visualized vertebral body xxxx are grossly intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no finding suggestive of active disease. no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
improved right lower lobe consolidation with mild residual or recurrent pneumonia. recommend radiographic follow up after appropriate therapy to confirm resolution. if there is no improvement consider xxxx for further evaluation. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there is interval improvement in the right lower lobe airspace disease. there is xxxx mild air space opacity in that distribution. no xxxx airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
low lung volumes. cardiomegaly. minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate.
heart size is normal. scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma. resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic xxxx.
slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia. the heart is slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. no infiltrates.
right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs in 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is right basilar air space opacity.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
borderline heart size. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve. there has been previous aortic valve replacement. heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. the skeletal structures are normal. the soft tissues are normal.
findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
bilateral large pleural effusion possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis. one xxxx are low. both costophrenic xxxx are blunted. pulmonary xxxx are normal. no visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral xxxx and lung parenchyma. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
right basilar airspace disease. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy right lower lung opacification is noted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
findings consistent with worsening interstitial lung disease. high resolution xxxx is recommended to confirm this. prior xxxx from xxxx reveals no evidence of interstitial lung disease. there is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. lung volumes are low. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. heart size appears normal. the thoracic aorta is calcified. since the prior study there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall the distal leads overlying the right heart. there's no pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly. minimal left midlung atelectasis. blunting of left costophrenic xxxx. this could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring. 2 images. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there are finding status post sternotomy and cabg. xxxx atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. there is blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. no pneumothorax.
prior sternotomy. midline sternotomy xxxx. normal heart size. vascular congestion. no overt edema or lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
chronic changes without acute process the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified stable right midlung granulomas.
no acute pulmonary findings. normal heart size. clear lungs. degenerative this disease within the spine. prosthetic right shoulder. possible xxxx body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.
multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. exact etiology of these is unclear. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.
unchanged cardiomegaly. interstitial prominence. maybe due to technical factors. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is xxxx prominent. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is xxxx spine spondylosis.
no acute findings. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. emphysema. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are persistent xxxx bilateral lower lobe opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no xxxx focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry xxxx xxxx correlate clinically. otherwise lungs are clear. no large pleural effusion no pneumothorax.
no acute abnormality identified. 3 images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. right aortic xxxx with probable aberrant left subclavian artery. this is a normal variant seen in one of 200 patients. no evidence of tuberculosis
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
normal chest radiograph. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. probably scarring in the left apex although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring however the absence of comparison exam recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution. there are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. there are irregular opacities in the left lung apex that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.there are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe xxxx scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
right upper lobe pulmonary nodule xxxx granuloma. the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal.
patchy right lower lobe opacities xxxx infectious infiltrate. right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
large medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer. xxxx chest with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. xxxx xxxx xxxx. xxxx's xxxx was notified of this result at xxxxpm xxxxxxxx and accepted receipt. results were faxed. large medial right upper lobe mass lesion measuring approximately 8 cm x 0 cm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. lungs clear. heart size within normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. postsurgical changes as described above. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. postsurgical changes include left chest pacemakericd with xxxx tips over the right atrium and right ventricle sternotomy xxxx and graft markers and upper anterior mediastinal surgical clips. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. specifically no evidence of pneumonia. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. pelvis. no acute osseous findings. chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations.
stable emphysematous changes. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
low lung volumes. opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
multiple bilateral calcified granulomas most xxxx sequela of granulomatous process. no focal infiltrate or consolidation. if one would like to discuss this case further please xxxx. xxxx at xxxx. thanks. heart size normal. mediastinum unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. no focal volume loss evident. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with mild crowding. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum without significant change. lung volumes are decreased with crowding. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. this may be related to xxxx xxxx however if there is no known history consider comparison with prior studies if available xxxx of the chest for further evaluation the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
stable chest. no acute disease process identified. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are xxxx spine marginal osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is a cardiac xxxx with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. there are atherosclerotic calcifications.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. interval resolution of left effusion. central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
no acute pulmonary findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right lung base granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomegaly. cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. levocurvature of the thoracic spine. lumbar vertebral body stabilization xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. there are degenerative changes within the xxxx bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. xxxx xxxx in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity.
left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
prior granulomatous disease. negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. right suprahilar calcified lymph xxxx. right lung base calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. there is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax. there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures appear intact.
small right apical pneumothorax. right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities xxxx residual atelectasis. near-complete resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with xxxx residual. normal cardiomediastinal contours. right lower lung patchy opacities. small right pneumothorax. small right pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. eventration right diaphragm. scarring in the pulmonary apices. no acute findings. thoracic spondylosis.
low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no acute abnormality. there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. coronary artery stents visualized. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. there is a left chest wall cardiac xxxx generator with 2 leads one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right xxxx. the heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
bony structures appear intact. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. borderline cardiomegaly. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
6 mm left lung nodular opacity. recommend comparison with prior images. if prior images are not available than further evaluation with ct chest is recommended. old chest film from xxxx  xxxx from xxxx was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not xxxx seen. heart size aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. no focal bony abnormality identified.
low lung volumes with xxxx opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. the heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. the pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. there are low lung volumes with xxxx opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. a few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
heart size is within normal limits. coronary artery stent noted. no edema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted.
emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. prior anterior cervical fusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable appearance of the chest see above. stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
xxxx opacities in the lingula. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. xxxx since the earlier study. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some xxxx bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. incidental note xxxx of an azygos fissure. there are surgical clips perhaps from cholecystectomy in the right upper quadrant.
chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis.
technically limited exam. low lung volumes with xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. evaluation is limited by body habitus and ap technique. enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and xxxx film. stable heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. cardiac xxxx generator leads xxxx over the right atrium and right ventricle. two xxxx bilateral pleural effusions.
mediastinal cardiac size stable. no pneumothoraces or large pleural effusions. pulmonary granulomas. no acute pulmonary process. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated appears dense may be granulomatous if desired one may consider ct for further characterization. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstrated azygos lobe. no fracture visible. if clinical concern persists consider dedicated rib series. redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity similar in size from previous examination. dense appearing may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. xxxx. limited exam for evaluation of fractures. however no evidence for displaced rib fracture.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
left picc in the mid svc. negative for pneumothorax. unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle.
no acute abnormality. normal heart and mediastinum. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest.
interval improvementresolution right patchy lateral base opacity. there is continued xxxx density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm . costophrenic xxxx blunting may persist but the left costophrenic xxxx is clipped from view. there is a right middle base calcific nodular density xxxx from old granulomatous disease. mild left apical pleural thickening. xxxx xxxx and valve xxxx. probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. thoracic spine dish.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's lipoma.
normal chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. soft tissues unremarkable
large left hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
xxxx interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of xxxx. no pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax.
there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from xxxx.
no focal lung consolidation. copd. no displaced fractures. there is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.
mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease most xxxx representing atelectasis given the low lung volumes. overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. this most xxxx represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
lungs appear relatively clear on today's exam. no significant interval change since the prior study and xxxx. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most xxxx due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. negative for pneumothorax. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. left upper extremity picc terminates in the lower svc.
cardiomegaly the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar xxxx are present
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no adenopathy or effusion. stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior xxxx of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies seen on the lateral radiograph only. this most xxxx represents overlying degenerative spurring xxxx than metastasis.
circumscribed structure in the ap xxxx could represent lymphadenopathy mass pulmonary arterial abnormality xxxx as aneurysm or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. as prior chest x-xxxx are not available online at this xxxx should be considered. normal heart size. there is a round density in the ap xxxx. xxxx study performed in xxxx is not available for review at this time. lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusions. stable calcified granulomas. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute pulmonary infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. prominent bilateral xxxx right greater than left. this appears slightly increased from the prior studies. findings could be related to hilar lymph xxxx or enlarged pulmonary arteries. if clinically indicated further evaluation with contrast-enhanced ct of the thorax could be performed. the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary venous congestion. there is prominence of the pulmonary arteries right greater than left. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active tuberculosis. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. this may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is calcified and tortuous compatible with atherosclerotic disease. since the prior study there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. the right lung is clear.
no acute findings. cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for ap technique. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute displaced fractures are demonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia. the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there is calcification of the thoracic aorta.
no acute abnormality. low volumes xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx certified radiologist at xxxx. there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
left midlung mass. left base effusion. probable hiatal hernia. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left pleural effusion is present. a mass density is present in the left midlung zone. this measures approximately 2 cm in diameter. air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. some xxxx of right lung atelectasis are noted. osteopenia and xxxx deformities are present in the spine. multiple surgical clips are noted. no pneumothorax is seen.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax identified. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size upper limits of normal. small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease. lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion xxxx interstitial edema. diffuse right greater than left interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
left picc line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and svc; repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful. there is a tortuous atherosclerotic aorta. large lung volumes with widened ap diameter of the chest xxxx due to copd; recommend clinical correlation. diffuse xxxx bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification. no evidence of pulmonary consolidation large pleural effusionpneumothorax. there is degenerative changes at the xxxx joints. osteopenia. degenerative changes of the cervical spine with possible fusion in the lower cervical region.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
low lung volumes otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. this low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal.
heart size within normal limits mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. hyperinflated lungs with xxxx left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. right upper abdominal coiled artifacts question prior embolization procedure.
a cardiac pacemakerdefibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single xxxx projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged unchanged. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormality identified. 3 images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly prominent perihilar opacities xxxx due to bronchovascular crowding. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is xxxx. the bony structures appear intact.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumothorax effusion or pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
there are 2 xxxx masses within the right chest largest over the right heart xxxx measuring up to 8 x 4 cm. the appearance is concerning for metastatic disease given the history of right-sided breast cancer.
approximately 8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. this is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. a ct of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. critical result notification documented through primordial. there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one xxxx margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are t-spine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx there
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. xxxx scarring or atelectasis right midlung. mild cardiomegaly. mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. xxxx scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
xxxx change copd. no acute findings. lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable left chest cardiac xxxx generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. emphysema. stable calcified granulomas. bony structures appear intact.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib xxxx acute. there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. questionable anterior xxxx cortical disruption seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be needed to evaluate this. xxxx left-sided pleural effusion there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be xxxx to evaluate this finding. as the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a xxxx left-sided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from xxxx. stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable prominent ovoid opacity (3 x 8 xxxx) xxxx a large left upper lobe xxxx xxxx reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from xxxx. no xxxx areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormality. status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are xxxx atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. minimal scoliosis.
bibasilar atelectasis. no pneumonia. there are xxxx opacities within both lung bases xxxx representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. xxxx-a-xxxx xxxx has its tip at the caval atrial junction.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute findings. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted.
scattered xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis most notably in the right middle lobe. mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are scattered bilateral xxxx opacities most notably in the right middle lobe xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
well-expanded and clear lungs. apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
stable minimal cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no pneumonia. minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine
chest x-xxxx lateral and decubitus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of pleural effusion. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute findings. the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical degenerative arthritis.
interstitial pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. there are midline sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips consistent with prior cabg. the heart is enlarged with unfolding of the aorta. there is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema. there is no focal airspace opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative spine changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
lower cervical and upper thoracic xxxx spinal fixation xxxx. multiple sternotomy xxxx. bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. the lungs appear clear.
exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. low lung volumes bibasilar opacities xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis. abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern nonspecific in appearance with xxxx differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease interstitial infiltrates pulmonary edema. right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits for technique sternotomy xxxx cabg clips artifact of aortic valve surgery.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lung volumes are low normal. there are no acute bony findings.
xxxx of left base atelectasis. otherwise clear. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scattered xxxx of left base atelectasis are noted. left xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
borderline heart size no acute pulmonary findings heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.
considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically no evidence of active tuberculosis. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. left upper lobe granuloma. no evidence of active tuberculosis. stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. no pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
stable changes of copd. there is interstitial thickening bilaterally more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperexpansion. no xxxx infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no active disease.
stable exam with no acute abnormality seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. stable right lung base scarring.
xxxx change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. aorta tortuous.
malpositioned right picc line tip. now located in left innominate vein. xxxx ill-defined focal opacities. these may represent small areas of pneumonia. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right picc line is in xxxx. the tip has moved into the left innominate vein. there has been interval development of several ill-defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate. followup evaluation in 2 weeks may be helpful. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion.
no x-xxxx evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease. stable appearance of the chest. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma  histoplasmoma. a few calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. lungs overall well expanded and clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report. xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxxxxxx. the lung volumes are low normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxationdislocation left shoulder possibly chronic. suggest clinical correlation. the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. patient is somewhat rotated. the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with atelectasis. no large effusion is seen. there is no focal consolidation. pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. there are bilateral degenerative changes of the xxxx with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. correlate clinically.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema. calcified granulomas noted. xxxx symmetric apical scarring. the diaphragms are flattened and the chest is somewhat xxxx shaped. the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
emphysema. no acute pulmonary findings. borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
increased size of density in the left cardiophrenic xxxx. primary differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat pericardial mass pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm. ct chest with contrast is recommended. these findings and recommendations were discussed xxxx. xxxx by dr. xxxx xxxx telephone at xxxx p.m. xxxxxxxx. dr. xxxx the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic xxxx. calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. there are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. small t-spine osteophytes are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary process this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. no nodules masses or effusions
chest. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. left ankle. soft tissue edema with no visible bony injury. chest. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue xxxx is present around the malleoli. xxxx intact. mortise radiographically stable.
no acute abnormality. the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there are calcifications in the aortic xxxx. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no active disease. right foot. negative. two-view chest. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot midfoot forefoot xxxx are intact with no fractures or bone destruction.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
unchanged exam without acute abnormality. normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs. no infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
right apical scarring as before. right midlung granuloma. no suspicious appearing nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear.
no acute findings. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
stable mild cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality. there is mild cardiomegaly similar to prior exams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration in the left lung base. right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right internal jugular central line has been removed. left subclavian line is stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized.
no acute abnormality. sternotomy xxxx noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scarring left costophrenic xxxx unchanged. calcified granulomas noted.
low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the heart xxxx is large unchanged from prior exam. slightly widened mediastinum secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta is accentuated by ap portable technique. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. the lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are no focal infiltrates. there is prominent epipericardial fat. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or large effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. calcific aorta. normal vascular markings. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
no x-xxxx evidence of metastatic disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable emphysematous lung changes. no acute abnormality seen. normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small t-spine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening unchanged from prior. mildly hyperexpanded lungs.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute disease ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen.
interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. compared with prior exam there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
negative for acute abnormality. left ventricular enlargement. tortuous thoracic aorta. stable xxxx xxxx including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. subcarinal calcified lymph xxxx. xxxx lung volumes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable mild dextro curvature of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to xxxx.
heart size normal lungs are clear. right knee. severe osteoarthritis all 3 compartments
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus infiltrate. there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
posterior basilar xxxx opacity xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there is a posterior basilar xxxx opacity seen on lateral xxxx xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis xxxx visualized on lateral view. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis of the spine.
mild cardiomegaly. no overt edema. lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx question hypertension.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms compatible with emphysema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
stable and adequately placed xxxx. prominent pulmonary vasculature subpleural edema and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis. there is interval placement of a xxxx on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. there is subpleural edema outlining the right xxxx fissure.
xxxx prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac contour is within normal limits. compared to prior exam there is xxxx prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. this may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no significant finding. the lungs are relatively clear with xxxx sulci. heart size normal in lv contour. slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. t-spine unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. stable aortic tortuosity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stent visualized in the right upper quadrant xxxx biliary stent.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
persistent stable right basilar atelectasis. low lung volumes and patient rotation. given differences in technique heart size xxxx within normal limits. persistent right basilar opacity xxxx atelectasis. no suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable xxxx deformities of the upper thoracic segments. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal opacities. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there is xxxx deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
xxxx left lower lobe nodule. the differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass. ct may be of further xxxx. in the interval a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. it is not calcified. no other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysematous changes of the lungs. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
there is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs possibly cyst scarring or pneumonia. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal mediastinal contours are normal
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature again noted.
streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. heart size mildly enlarged for technique stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left midlung. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
stable nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. stable nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
no acute findings. stable midthoracic vertebral body xxxx fractures. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge xxxx deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies.
scarring in the left midlung. cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes of mitral valve surgery. there has been interval xxxx sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. there is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium.
hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. lung volumes remain xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in both lower lobes. old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. there is evidence of granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable appearance of pacemaker. stable appearance bipolar dual-xxxx cardiac pacemaker overlying the left hemithorax. no interval change in xxxx position. cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits. lungs are well-aerated. no areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality..
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no radiographic evidence of active tuberculosis. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
low lung volumes with crowding. mild left base atelectasis. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. there are low lung volumes on the frontal view which accentuates heart size and lung markings. the heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. mediastinum normal width. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is left lung base atelectasis on frontal xxxx xxxx secondary to low volumes. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
no acute disease. stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops. the heart is enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. there is adjacent compressive atelectasis. the lungs are clear.
xxxx prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac contour is within normal limits. compared to prior exam there is xxxx prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. this may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
normal chest radiograph the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. calcified granuloma left upper lobe. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax. stable streaky left basilar airspace disease possibly atelectasis. there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison.
heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. there is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. this is markedly improved compared to prior exam
very low lung volumes bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
no active or acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. lung volumes are decreased from xxxx and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. no evidence of focal airspace disease. no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. no free subdiaphragmatic air. grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is hiatal hernia.
very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are xxxx-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right middle lobe infiltrate. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear left lung xxxx. right middle lobe with increased opacities xxxx representative of infiltrate.
interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema inflammation. no definite pleural effusion seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the xxxx image from xxxx.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes xxxx representing airspace disease or edema. there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. there is an embolization xxxx overlying left upper quadrant.
nodular density noted on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact. no nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx. there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph xxxx. the pleural spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
ill-defined opacity in the lingula. increased since the previous study. may represent increased atelectasis or scarring. the heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. this is increased since the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. mild xxxx deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. surgical xxxx at the distal left clavicle. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or effusion. large flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
no change right upper lobe scar. no acute disease. lumbosacral spine. multiple levels of advanced degenerative disc disease and xxxx arthritis. chest. there is no change in the strandy scarring in the right apex. no xxxx infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies worst at l2-lxxxx elements from l4 through s1 are sclerotic. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. calcific aortic disease is present.
1 cm nodule within the lung base seen only on the lateral view. consider imaging correlation with xxxx abdomen study if available. there is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
xxxx change copd. chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. pulmonary arterial hypertension. lungs remain hyperexpanded. no change in the right middle lobe opacification. no xxxx infiltrates or masses. pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
vague opacity in the right midlung this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. bibasilar airspace opacities xxxx atelectasis. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. streaky bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis. vague opacity in the right midlung. scattered calcified granulomas. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis. lung volumes remain xxxx. xxxx opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are unremarkable.
partially loculated right pleural effusion grossly stable. stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. bibasilar airspace disease possibly atelectasis. there is a moderate layering left pleural effusion grossly stable. there is a moderate right pleural effusion which is partially loculated. there is some pleural fluid tracking along the right xxxx fissure. there is bibasilar airspace disease possibly passive atelectasis. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size is within normal limits. right picc tip is at the svc. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. there is some tortuosity of the aorta. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine
no active disease.
stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. stable mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
xxxx xxxx atelectasisairspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality. there are xxxx xxxx opacities atelectasis versus airspace disease. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the aortic xxxx is mildly tortuous. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. large body habitus.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. there are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes.
marked cardiomegaly. increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs edema versus chronic interstitial changes. the aortic xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. heart size mildly enlarged for technique stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
pa and lateral views were obtained. again a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. no acute airspace process. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. this may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. clearing of left base airspace disease. outward xxxx of picc line. tip now projects over upper svc. left picc line remains in xxxx. the tip projects over the upper svc. it has moved outward since the previous study. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
hyperinflated lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no active disease.
no active disease.
low lung volumes no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine no xxxx deformity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. clear lungs. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. no radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis a . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic xxxx. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable biapical lucency and apical scarring consistent with emphysema. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
probable right lower lobe pneumonia. xxxx diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax. mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified xxxx opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema hematoma or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax unremarkable.
stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions.
low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. there has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. enteric tube is again noted coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal unchanged from prior. low lung volumes causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size is top normal. tortuous aorta. no edema. patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. no pneumothorax. right hilar surgical clips.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. left hilar and medial left base granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperexpansion flattening of diaphragms and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.
left lung clear. heart size normal. no change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. no change right upper lobe cavitation.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute findings considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. left axillary surgical clips unchanged visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
no pulmonary nodules. negative chest. heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
mildly hyperinflated clear lungs. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is bilateral hyperinflation without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change differential diagnosis is xxxx and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema inflammation atypical infection infiltrative process. comparison with previous exams would be of xxxx. bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy metastatic disease. heart size near top normal bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema xxxx and irregular interstitial markings right greater than left. prominent left epicardial fat xxxx no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. atrial septal occluder artifact. mild spine curvature.
interval improvement in aeration of left lung with interval reduction in size of left pleural effusion. persistent patchy left lung airspace disease is noted. stable left-sided chest tubes. two left-sided chest tubes again noted. interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. right lung clear. endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high svc. no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart is at the upper limits of normal size. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal pulmonary vascularity.
worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. high-resolution xxxx would be recommended to evaluate these findings no evidence of acute pneumonia xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post xxxx sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
interstitial pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
cardiac xxxx projects over the right ventricle without evidence of acute complication. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a single cardiac xxxx projecting over the right ventricle. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax pneumomediastinum or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact. prominent rib cartilage of the anterior lower ribs seen on lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. scattered calcifications are noted compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature. chest ct with contrast may be helpful for further clarification. there is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. a right humeral intramedullary xxxx is noted incidentally without evidence of xxxx complicating features.
stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema. cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
heart size is within normal limits. coronary artery stent noted. no edema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted.
low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally xxxx infectious etiology. the lung volumes are low. however as compared to the prior study there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal xxxx. the tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema. the heart is large. in the interval pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. also bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal x-xxxx of chest.
no evidence of active pulmonary pneumonia on today's exam. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. multiple chronic changes as described above. mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency xxxx represents a large hiatal hernia unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic xxxx deformity.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. no effusion pneumonia nodules or masses.
stable chronic changes. no acute findings. there is stable mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
left lower lobe xxxx segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report. xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02010xxxx. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. there is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary process. negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. the visualized bony structures are intact. there are minimal degenerative disc changes of the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax.
heart size normal. central catheter tip in upper svc. lungs are clear. degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies.
catheter tip mid svc. heart size is normal. no acute alveolar or interstitial infiltrates. the 9th posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this may be the site of an old healed fracture. otherwise no acute rib fractures seen. bone scan may be informative
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. possible xxxx right pleural effusion. the heart is enlarged. changes of xxxx sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. xxxx right pleural thickening versus xxxx pleural effusion is noted. there is no acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax is seen. mild granulomatous sequela are noted.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute osseous abnormalities. if continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. left midlung and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax. small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
no active tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
negative for acute abnormality. left ventricular enlargement. tortuous thoracic aorta. stable xxxx xxxx including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. subcarinal calcified lymph xxxx. xxxx lung volumes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of xxxx. followup chest x-xxxx is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document xxxx. the heart is not enlarged. the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. lungs are otherwise well aerated.
stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia. no acute pulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas.
borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. levocurvature the lumbar spine incompletely imaged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is stable xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. the heart size is near the upper limits of normal. mediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx t-spine osteophytes are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysematous changes of the lungs. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
no active disease.. no visible cardiopulmonary injuries. xxxx change. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally. the this may represent heart failure opportunistic infection or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis. xxxx of chest for further characterization. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
xxxx onset right basal chest infection xxxx onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval xxxx removal of left picc line no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. right basilar calcified granuloma noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis infiltrates andor small left pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacitiesatelectasis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. there is no pneumothorax.
findings of copd. no acute findings. lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
heart size within normal limits. dense mitral annular calcification. tortuous and ectatic atherosclerotic aorta. no edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated. there is left basilar scarring. no xxxx consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema atypical infection inflammation heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding right greater than left indistinct vascular margination. no definite focal alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion xxxx demonstrated.
no acute abnormality of the chest. xxxx deformities of t12 and l1 unchanged xxxx abdomen xxxx xxxx abdomen xxxx xxxx. fracture of right proximal humerus incompletely evaluated. mild cardiomegaly. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is xxxx deformity of t12 and l1 unchanged xxxx abdomen xxxx xxxx. aortic calcifications are noted. fracture of right proximal humerus incompletely evaluated.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits.
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
bullous disease and upper lobe scars. decreasing right upper lobe cavity. the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no xxxx infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted.
unremarkable examination. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no lymphadenopathy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. subcutaneous emphysema of the neck left lateral chest and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. surgical xxxx is noted in the right upper quadrant. subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally right lateral upper abdomen and left chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical xxxx overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest xxxx with the tip in the superior xxxx xxxx. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
stable position of the left-sided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. a left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
mild cardiomegaly with interstitial prominence could represent mild interstitial edema atypical infection or chronic interstitial changes. mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. bilateral interstitial prominence. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact.
heart size within normal limits mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. hyperinflated lungs with xxxx left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. right upper abdominal coiled artifacts question prior embolization procedure.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules concerning for metastatic disease. prominent left hilum. after correlation with the xxxx scan performed today findings xxxx reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery. there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. for example there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule xxxx seen on the frontal view. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the left hilar contour is prominent. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear.
right-sided chest xxxx in xxxx without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. a right-sided chest xxxx remains in xxxx with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. no fibrosis. right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. no effusions.
left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. overall low lung lines. there is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. in the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.
right upper lobe opacity. without comparisons this may represent a focal area of infectionpneumonia. however correlation should be xxxx for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance. if discordant from clinical suspicion or does not resolve on follow up imaging consider further evaluation with xxxx scan. enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
age-indeterminate contour deformity of the right lateral 8th rib if findings localize to this region suspect acute fracture. very low lung volumes central and basilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis. heart size near top normal limits for technique left infraclavicular cardiac xxxx generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads sternotomy xxxx cabg clips. evaluation for pleural fluid limited but no large pleural effusion seen. no pleural line of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contours. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions pneumonia nodules or masses.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. left hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. a 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact
no acute findings heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
no acute findings apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
vague 5 cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib. further evaluation will require a chest ct. remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no effusion or adenopathy. heart size is normal.
heart size is normal. left midlung small calcified granulomas unchanged. persistent partial middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen xxxx on the lateral
chronic parenchymal changes xxxx reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis. no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable. no acute infiltrate is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
increased bilateral interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with mild interstitial edema. low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are unremarkable.
interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. compared with prior exam there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no active disease. mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.
there is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. no overt edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
unremarkable radiographs of the chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left coronary arteries noted. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. calcified left coronary arteries noted. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. these contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute findings. left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. there are xxxx opacities in the left lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. multiple thoracic xxxx deformities xxxx due to osteoporosis. lungs appear to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left. heart is not enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple xxxx deformities. a stimulator is seen.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute disease. left lower lobe nodule of uncertain identity. chest ct may be of further xxxx. xxxx level veriphy message sent. lungs are free of infiltrates. however in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. the right lung is clear. the heart xxxx and mediastinum are normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum there is xxxx large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. followup xxxx radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. however there is a 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality.
fracture deformity proximal right humerus. no pulmonary consolidation. fracture deformity proximal right humerus. hyperinflation lungs. no pulmonary consolidation. xxxx opacity left base compatible xxxx atelectasis or xxxx scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. prior chest surgery. costophrenic xxxx clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in xxxx and alignment.
hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. may represent pneumonia. followup examination is suggested following treatment to confirm clearing of the opacities. a 4 to 6 xxxx post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. degenerative changes are present spine.
no acute abnormality. ap view was obtained due to patient condition. low volume lungs. no focal lung consolidation. the heart is not enlarged. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
heart size is normal. no effusions. xxxx interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. less xxxx on the right lung. this may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. further evaluation may require ct with iv contrast and high-resolution scans.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
lungs clear. heart size normal. flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine xxxx dish.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. if there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no focal lung consolidation. no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. left lower lobe xxxx density xxxx representing atelectasis. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
chronic interstitial lung disease and scars unchanged. no acute disease. prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
left lung clear. heart size normal. no change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. no change right upper lobe cavitation.
hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. may represent pneumonia. followup examination is suggested following treatment to confirm clearing of the opacities. a 4 to 6 xxxx post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. degenerative changes are present spine.
heart size normal. mildly tortuous aorta. no overt edema. no focal consolidation no pneumothorax. no significant pleural effusion though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image.
no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly intact. interval removal of right picc. persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary findings. normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis.
xxxx opacity in left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. there is s-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are t-spine osteophytes. xxxx opacity in the left lower lobe xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx.
generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm. question concomitant left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized lung volumes. no definite pleural effusions. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
borderline cardiomegaly otherwise unremarkable exam. heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no pneumothorax.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no significant finding. the lungs are relatively clear with xxxx sulci. heart size normal in lv contour. slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. t-spine unremarkable.
limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality. this examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
xxxx opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate is seen.
right upper lobe subsegmental atelectasis. no evidence of heart failure. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the xxxx fissure most xxxx mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. the remaining lungs are clear. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute abnormality. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. biapical scarring noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. mild degenerative change thoracic spine. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings stable borderline cardiomegaly stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. the distal tip of a right ij dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the xxxx which junction.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent xxxx is most xxxx calcified. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
senescent changes with xxxx sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease effusions or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. this is xxxx to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. age-indeterminate mild anterior wedge deformity of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra. correlate for focal tenderness and with prior imaging if possible. cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. clear lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild age-indeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. left-sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction.
persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. possible small effusions. sternotomy. heart size normal. left ij catheter tip mid svc
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
in view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of xxxx acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion. picc line catheter tip xxxx in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung xxxx. there is a larger area of xxxx patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.
moderate hyperinflation of the lungs. dilated pulmonary arteries. this may reflect pulmonary hypertension. normal heart size. dilated pulmonary arteries. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperexpansion the lungs consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
appearance suggests emphysema. apical capping slightly greater at the left. recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest x-xxxx films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in xxxx. critical result notification documented through primordial. hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. xxxx unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. xxxx convexity also present on the previous exam.
probable copd and old granulomatous disease. some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are clear hyperinflated. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left coronary arteries noted. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. calcified left coronary arteries noted. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. probable previous granulomatous disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities xxxx calcified granulomas. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no cavitary lesions. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are calcified granulomas noted. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic xxxx.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextrocurvature the spine.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable mild cardiomegaly. prominent central vasculature. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. tracheostomy tube. probable mild cardiomegaly. prominence of the central vasculature unchanged. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. pulmonary vascularity is normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
normal chest radiograph. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. the trachea and xxxx pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. in the appropriate clinical setting this is compatible with infectionpneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. if clinical findings are discordant a xxxx is recommended. 2 images. heart size is enlarged stable. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there is xxxx dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
widened upper mediastinal silhouette. may represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. however the setting of xxxx upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. mild cardiomegaly appears stable. no edema. no layering pleural effusions focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal.
unremarkable radiographs of the chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
chest. cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion. no evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis. kub. nonspecific abdomen. the heart is enlarged. there may be a pericardial effusion. no definite pulmonary edema is seen. lungs appear clear. there is no pleural effusion. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. kub xxxx: xxxx single view of the abdomen was obtained. the bowel xxxx pattern is nonspecific. there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. the skeletal structures appear normal.
cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear. a xxxx xxxx lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema. study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. negative examination of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of xxxx seen in the transverse colon.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. left ij catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax is seen. the lungs are clear.
hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal airspace opacities pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a calcific density in the left midlung zone xxxx represents old granulomatous disease. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute findings. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
limited exam no definite acute intrathoracic finding. the lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. no focal consolidation large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size normal. xxxx unremarkable.
right middle lobe airspace disease which could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx on the frontal view. there is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac xxxx. airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to no pleural effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. no pneumothorax.
suspected cardiomegaly less xxxx pericardial effusion. prior comparison studies would be helpful. low lung volumes. no evidence of focal airspace disease. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are xxxx accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm however cardiomegaly or less xxxx pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly. stable cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. stable left lung base calcifications. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
large pericardial effusion. there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the xxxx xxxx configuration compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothorax.
xxxx opacities in the right upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. heart size is normal. there are xxxx opacities which appear to xxxx xxxx above the right xxxx fissure. there is mild thickening in the fissure. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions.
no evidence of active disease. there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted.
winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. no visible fractures. no visible cardiopulmonary injury.
chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. abdomen. negative. no mechanical obstruction. chest. lung volumes are low but no focal infiltrates are present. heart and mediastinum remain normal. abdomen. multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. formed stool is present in the rectum.
chest. resolving pulmonary interstitial edema and pulmonary venous hypertension. in the interval bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. heart size is now normal. no xxxx infiltrates.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. heart size upper limit of normal. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
findings of copd with right lung base focal atelectasis. no evidence for failure or pneumonia. no change lung xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the right lower lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. aorta normal.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. right ij central venous catheter tip in region of mid svc. there are 2 aicd leads one tip in expected region of right atrium and one tip in expected region of right ventricle. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
mildly low lung volumes with xxxx atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute findings. stable cardiac enlargement. enlarged cardiac contour stable. calcified vasculature. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. no confluent consolidation pleural effusion or overt pulmonary edema. mild thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures intact.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes.
chronic changes without acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. xxxx opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
worsening masslike opacification of right apex suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx are grossly normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
no active cardiopulmonary disease. both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast implants.
stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of hodgkin's lymphoma . if one would like to discuss this case further please xxxx. xxxx at xxxx. thanks. stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. heart and mediastinum stable configuration. stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. lungs clear of consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax intact. minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no pneumothorax following removal of left-sided chest tubes. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. removal of 2 left-sided chest tubes. there is no pneumothorax. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is minimal posterior pleural effusions.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
question prior right upper lobe resection no acute abnormality. there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart size.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable xxxx bilateral nodules are identified most of which appear calcified on xxxx examination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. xxxx lingular scarring andor atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild prominence left hilar contour. bony structures are intact.
hypoinflation without acute parenchymal infiltrate. mild mediastinal prominence xxxx related to superimposed xxxx and mediastinal fat. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and xxxx reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry xxxx xxxx correlate clinically. otherwise lungs are clear. no large pleural effusion no pneumothorax.
stable normal chest x-xxxx. frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx xxxx basilar pleural effusion increased left suprahilar opacity differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss apical pleural fluid tumor progression. left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. xxxx right costophrenic xxxx right lung free of focal consolidation.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
chest. right 4th rib fracture. no cardiopulmonary injury. no pleural air collection. right shoulder negative. right humerus negative. chest. a minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib the small amount of pleural fluid is xxxx deep to the fracture. no pleural air collection. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note xxxx of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. right shoulder. xxxx soft tissues and alignment are normal. right humerus. xxxx and soft tissues are intact.
heart size is top normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. there are no focal infiltrates pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lower anterior cervical spine fusion xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine..
there is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. additional evaluation xxxx advised. right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph xxxx. some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions.
left basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. the lungs focal airspace consolidation. there is atelectasis of the left lung base. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cervical vertebral xxxx is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. calcified lymph xxxx are identified in left hilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. interval resolution of left effusion. central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. stable 5 mm calcified left midlung granuloma. calcified aortic xxxx.
xxxx 9 xxxx left midlung nodule without xxxx benign calcification. ct of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. normal vascularity. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. critical results discussed xxxx. xxxx at the time of interpretation xxxx xxxx xxxx hours xxxx telephone.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
xxxx xxxx right pleural effusion. there is a right ij central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior svc. cardiac silhouette is normal size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is a small right pleural effusion. otherwise lungs are without focal airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral xxxx xxxx from prior study. although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density a xxxx sclerotic focus within the thoracic xxxx cannot be excluded. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone. the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is xxxx minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal.
moderately hyperinflated lung xxxx otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs consistent with copd and unchanged. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic xxxx seen. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
interval postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation suspicious bony opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary disease process. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a ap xxxx duct is calcified lymph node. the aorta is unfolded. cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. xxxx spine spondylosis.
no evidence of active disease. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no non-calcified nodules are identified.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
cardiomegaly without failure ectatic aorta heart size is enlarged. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx old pleural scar. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. a left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. there is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no evidence of active disease. changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. the mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior xxxx xxxx. this appears unchanged. slightly xxxx inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. this is unchanged. osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. no pneumothorax or obvious pulmonary lesions seen.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx scarring and emphysematous changes noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically no evidence of active tuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. lung volumes are low. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear.
xxxx indeterminant small nodular opacities. may be granulomas or bone islands. however xxxx is recommended given the history of malignancy. otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is unfolded. there is left base streaky opacity due to xxxx scarring or discoid atelectasis. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus posterior right 9th rib and the anterior t10 vertebral body. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge xxxx deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. no acute intra-abdominal process. negative for obstruction. chest. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. abdomen. no pneumoperitoneum. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. no abnormally dilated small bowel loops. no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. no pathologic calcifications xxxx over the abdomen or pelvis. xxxx xxxx are without fracture or destructive lesion though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. minimal lingular scarring. overall well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
decrease ill-defined mixed lucent and opaque area in the right lateral lung base with small xxxx xxxx remaining and minimal associated right lateral costophrenic xxxx blunting. no xxxx pulmonary consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. the left costophrenic xxxx is clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in xxxx and alignment . ct ratio 1233
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. the aorta is tortuous. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. ill-defined xxxx right upper lung opacities possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. further imaging xxxx of the chest may be indicated. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest xxxx tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe xxxx from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. borderline cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. right upper lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
stable appearance of xxxx scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous xxxx xxxx granulomas. there are calcified right hilar lymph xxxx as xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base xxxx atelectasis or scarring low lung volumes no focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia.
no evidence of acute disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis unchanged from last exam. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung stable in appearance from xxxx of xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified.
small left pleural effusion. stable mild cardiomegaly. stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes.
cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. there are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no acute focal airspace opacification.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. pulmonary xxxx are within normal limits. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. similar-appearing left midlung scarring. there is 9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proximal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. xxxx left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contour. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
small calcified granulomas in in right upper lobe and left lower lobe. no suspicious appearing lung nodules seen. no acute airspace disease effusions or chf.
obscured right heart xxxx with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the right heart xxxx appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. otherwise no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. emphysema. mild apical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute pulmonary findings. normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of acute disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. the lungs now appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema.
no acute pulmonary disease. evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. no visible pleural xxxx. no focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. included osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
normal chest x-xxxx. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lung xxxx are clear without evidence of effusion infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact. visualized soft tissues appear normal.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. previous lower spine cervical fusion. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. no displaced rib fracture is evident.
stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. clear lungs the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study xxxx. a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear.
right perihilar lung nodule. recommend ct thorax with contrast to further assess. dr. xxxx xxxx the findings xxxx. size is normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. there is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. there is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung xxxx. it is not well visualized on lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerotic calcifications about the aortic xxxx. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. a 5 mm stable right apical nodule.
no active pulmonary disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left axillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy xxxx again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema focal lung consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.
no acute thoracic abnormality. cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. probable large hiatal hernia. limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia age-indeterminate xxxx fracture deformities. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation remodeling of the glenoid and extensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic xxxx deformities age-indeterminate. there is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum most xxxx secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. xxxx calcified granuloma seen. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
minimal atelectasis left base no acute abnormality. lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. xxxx density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically no evidence of active tuberculosis. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. left upper lobe granuloma. no evidence of active tuberculosis. stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. no pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a xxxx-a-xxxx terminating at the caval atrial junction without evidence of pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe xxxx old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance.
normal chest radiograph. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures are intact.
borderline cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. basilar atelectasis with xxxx posterior recess pleural effusions. overall findings of mild volume overload.
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
unremarkable examination of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from xxxx. the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
xxxx displacement of a fusion xxxx on the lateral view with distal tip closely approximating the skin surface with a change in alignment since the previous exam. severe scoliosis tracheostomy tube left picc tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein repositioning recommended. heart size within normal limits for technique retrocardiac opacity xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis with small left hemithorax bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. vp shunt tubing and right nephrostomy tube.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. umbilical piercing.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema. there is moderate cardiomegaly. there are bilateral interstitial opacities increased since the previous exam. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size is within normal limits. no edema. bandlike scarring in the right base. no pleural effusion lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph not well localized on the frontal image. could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
the lungs are clear. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. no osseous abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no radiographic evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. thoracic spine. the xxxx examination consists of frontal lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. there is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. the vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. sternum. the xxxx examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. no displaced xxxx fracture demonstrated.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis. the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease andor atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also xxxx streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prior granulomatous infection. cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are scattered calcified testes bilaterally consistent with prior granulomatous infection stable. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable.
no active disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. this could suggest emphysematous bullae. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures are in xxxx alignment without fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
heart size is normal. mildly tortuous aorta otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia pleural effusion or pneumothorax. couple of xxxx nodules in the left base are xxxx calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patient's history. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cervical fusion xxxx. degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.
negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute changes from prior imaging. heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. no xxxx consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. no edema. couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. calcified lymph xxxx are identified in left hilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
comparison xxxx xxxx clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest.
heart size normal. slightly tortuous calcified aorta. no pneumothorax or effusion. no evidence of aortic transection.
slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs.
opacification of the right middle and lower lobes. mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the xxxx or xxxx fissure. no pneumothorax..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. vague right uppermid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures. ct may be warranted given patient's history. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on xxxx of xxxx. however additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. stable right paratracheal prominence consistent with known calcified lymph node seen on prior ct chest dated xxxx. xxxx are unremarkable.
comparison xxxx xxxx. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.
device compatible tracheostomy is in xxxx with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. no acute process. left lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild medial right atelectasis. mild emphysema.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. unremarkable examination of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally xxxx reflects pleural thickening or scarring no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no pneumothorax.
question left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view. clear lungs. rotated with low lung volumes. question left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
right upper lobe airspace consolidation please correlate clinically for pneumonia. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is xxxx airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. the xxxx fissure is convex upward. there is right base patchy airspace opacity. this appears chronic and may be due to scarring. there is no significant pleural effusion.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips xxxx secondary to a cabg procedure. small t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are cholecystectomy clips. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several xxxx xxxx. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. no effusion. no adenopathy. ct scan is the xxxx xxxx to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. no bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal air space consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. changes of prior right mastectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe xxxx representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
heart size normal. hyperexpanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. most xxxx represents xxxx's lung. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen
no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of emphysema. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
normal chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
bilateral lower lobe bronchitis. normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis.
xxxx left lower lobe airspace disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. xxxx airspace disease within the left lower lung. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the right breast.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta unchanged
patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. mild xxxx opacities in the retrocardiac region. no large effusions or pneumothorax.
no comparison chest x-xxxx xxxx lungs. lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. no substantial mediastinal shift seen. right lung grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable xxxx deformities of the upper thoracic segments. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal opacities. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there is xxxx deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam.
mild pulmonary vascular congestion with xxxx xxxx bilateral effusions. constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure. pa and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy xxxx and myocardial revascularization. cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. there is mild vascular congestion. small bilateral pleural effusions are present which are xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph xxxx. stable lingular scarring. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no bony abnormality.
right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild wedge xxxx deformity of t1
suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings which may represent some bronchiticbronchiolitis changes. no suspicious nodules pneumonia effusions or chf. stable mediastinal contour.
anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear.
streaky left basilar airspace opacities which could reflect atelectasis andor infection. cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. lung volumes are slightly low. there are streaky left basal opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. no free air is demonstrated.
pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute pulmonary disease. there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted.
basilar atelectasis. no confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical xxxx arthritis.
no acute xxxx related findings. please note that nondisplaced fractures may not be demonstrated. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
heart size mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and xxxx reflects granuloma.
low volume study without acute process. mild cardiomegaly. heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
mild emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. hyperexpanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus xxxx secondary to a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no focal lung infiltrates. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. a right-sided mediport catheter is noted. no pleural effusion is identified.
left basilar atelectasis andor infiltrate with no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. heart size upper limits of normal. small amount of left basilar airspace disease. the right lung is clear. there are no cavitary lesions seen. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. clear lungs. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal there is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. clear lungs there are no large pleural effusions no evidence of displaced fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. old left rib fractures.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. mildly low lung volumes. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx xxxx are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical xxxx xxxx. this is unchanged 31 17 xxxx. the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance.
low lung volume exam. otherwise no acute findings. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm of uncertain chronicity. there is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding without evidence of focal airspace disease. heart is xxxx within normal limits for low lung volumes and ap technique. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
increasing cardiomegaly. no effusions. minimal interstitial edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contour. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly. stable cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. stable left lung base calcifications. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. xxxx convexity also present on the previous exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of tuberculosis. stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx xxxx representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. xxxx are unremarkable.
bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary inability. right lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
round area of density measuring 9 x 8 cm in left superior lower lobe with interval increased size compared to prior imaging. recommend xxxx chest abdomen and pelvis with contrast for further evaluation. dr. xxxx xxxx notified by the veriphy critical result notification xxxx of the left pulmonary mass and recommended followup xxxx chest abdomen and pelvis with contrast at xxxx xxxxxxxx. stable appearance of hiatal hernia. clear right lung xxxx.in the left superior lower lobe there is a 9 x 8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a xxxx chest abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. normal cardiac contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
low lung volumes with right base airspace disease. heart size upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring both stable. unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta. the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the heart xxxx is slightly large. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs appear clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
limited exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen (this does not represent free intra-abdominal xxxx). recommend repeat chest x-xxxx. artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. heart size borderline enlarged for technique tracheostomy tube tip approximately 7 cm above the carina.
decreasing lung volumes. probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval development of healing left sided rib fractures. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
mild interstitial edema. stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. sternotomy xxxx. aortic calcifications. mild interstitial edema. no focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax. mild cardiomegaly.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. interval development of cardiomegaly. there's been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. these xxxx't contours are within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no active cardiopulmonary disease. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. this is xxxx related to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support. xxxx postoperative changes from the spinal xxxx placement. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. the lungs are clear bilaterally. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. tortuous aorta. prominent first ribs. no nodules masses or adenopathy.
no acute findings. emphysema. scattered xxxx of scarring most notably in the left upper lobe. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are stable scattered xxxx bilateral opacities most notable in the left upper lobe xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
subtle interstitial markings bilateral may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases left worse than right. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
stable exam with known right aortic xxxx. stable appearance of the right aortic xxxx. normal heart size. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. minimal left basilar atelectasis. bilateral pulmonary nodules. these were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection but could represent neoplastic process. correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. further evaluation xxxx of the thorax could be performed if clinically indicated. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax. there is minimal left basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung xxxx. these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. configuration of breast shadows on the pa view suggests prior right lumpectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body xxxx.
ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. this may represent pleural based process. the exact xxxx is unclear. followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma is present in the right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. in the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. this was not present on the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear.
heart size is normal. multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. these most xxxx represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film xxxx demonstrate these are probably calcified.
mild blunting left costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx opacity in the lung bases. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures are normal.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified bilateral hilar lymph xxxx greater on the left. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-xxxx. no pneumothorax. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. there are stable degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable calcified granuloma in the left midlung. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema. unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
xxxx onset right basal chest infection xxxx onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval xxxx removal of left picc line no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there is no obvious displaced rib fracture. if there is concern for fracture consider rib series.
upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic xxxx. no acute pulmonary process. the heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
xxxx 7 xxxx nodular density at the left costophrenic xxxx. recommend ct scan for further evaluation. there is a xxxx 7 xxxx nodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion. mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. increased interstitial opacities.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
right lower lobe pneumonia. the heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. there is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat xxxx represents projectile fragment..
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
lower cervical and upper thoracic xxxx spinal fixation xxxx. multiple sternotomy xxxx. bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. the lungs appear clear.
left base airspace disease. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is a left base opacity. the right lung is grossly clear. heart size is normal. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is no pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits
mild cardiomegaly without heart failure. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
persistent 8mm pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion. heart size normal. enteric tube tip in the stomach. midline abdominal clips. xxxx in the right upper quadrant. bullet overlies l
low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. no acute pulmonary process. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal xxxx opacities within the lung bases xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
hyperexpanded lungs otherwise clear. normal heart size. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left nipple silhouette visualized. negative for acute bone abnormality.
stable slight cardiomegaly. sternotomy. lungs clear. no destructive lesions of the ribs. no masses or nodules. stable resection of distal left clavicle. no xxxx fractures of the thoracic spine. aortic calcification.
no acute findings. the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. there is at xxxx one left-sided coronary artery stent. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. stable scoliosis xxxx. stable scoliosis xxxx. the lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx question hypertension.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is upper limits of normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
left lower lobe infiltrate. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are hyperexpanded. minimal xxxx scarring in both lower lobes. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace process or pleural effusion. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. vascular calcification is identified. calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe. no xxxx nodules are seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no focal airspace disease is identified.
cardiomegaly. cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lung xxxx bilaterally.
emphysema and scarring without acute disease the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated with xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilarperihilar lymph xxxx. left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. technically limited exam. incidental note xxxx of large cervical spine osteophytes. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
stable appearance of the chest there is a stable closure device projected over the heart. the heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. there is stable xxxx scarring of left mid lung. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no infiltrate effusion mass or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no evidence of active disease. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no non-calcified nodules are identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. calcified lymph xxxx are identified in the left infrahilar region. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
mild cardiomegaly. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
apparent scarring within the lingula otherwise unremarkable. apparent scarring within the lingula. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
focal atelectasis to the left lung posterior to the heart. calcified lymph xxxx in both xxxx. xxxx amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. right chest xxxx in the svc. small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. streaky perihilar opacification xxxx a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. similar appearance to the prior study.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. right chest xxxx tip is visualized in the distal svc. there is no pneumothorax. the right cardiac margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph xxxx. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx scarring and emphysematous changes noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
right-sided chest xxxx in xxxx without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. a right-sided chest xxxx remains in xxxx with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities xxxx represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no focal infiltrate. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. pectus carinatum. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. pectus carinatum is noted. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation.
clear lungs. postsurgical changes of the right chest. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size normal. over expanded lungs. aortic valve prosthesis. calcified right hilar lymph node. stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. the patient has xxxx right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old ct scans. from xxxx.
comparison xxxx xxxx. anticipated senescent changes. no acute airspace disease or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous examination..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung unchanged from prior this is is xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small t-spine osteophytes.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. lung volumes remain low. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. no pneumothorax is seen. no free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. tubular densities overlying the heart xxxx are xxxx coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and xxxx represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus xxxx secondary to a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal chest exam. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
mild cardiomegaly with xxxx of early failure. similar mild cardiomegaly. of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. no focal consolidations or effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
negative for acute abnormality. right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung xxxx compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette compatible with absence of right xxxx pulmonary artery as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no pleural air collections. heart and mediastinum normal. a vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes bilaterally with lungs otherwise grossly clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. no definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. there is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.
right middle lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. left lung is clear. heart size normal. aorta tortuous.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissues are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. calcific aorta. stable bilateral calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
small focal opacity in the left upper lobe differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis small infiltrate scarring followup recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal and left hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
no interval change. sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged. no xxxx consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
findings of copd and left base focal atelectasis. lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen.
xxxx scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. no acute findings. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. irregular 2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on pa and lateral views and xxxx represents chronic scarring. she has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including t6 t8 t11 and t1
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
7mm non calcified nodule xxxx in appearance recommend ct chest without contrast. lateral view over the lingula there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. multilevel cervical xxxx arthritis.
right basal acute airspace disease. please correlate clinically for pneumonia. chronic interstitial pattern may reflect copd. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. right-sided aortic xxxx. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. there is right basal xxxx patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right apical calcified granuloma noted.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no fracture visualized. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. the visualized bony structures appear intact. there is a xxxx radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is xxxx external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. scattered calcified granulomas.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. there is evidence of granulomatous disease.
obscuration of the bilateral lung bases xxxx combination of atelectasis infiltrate effusions. there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. stable atelectaticfibrotic changes of the visualized lung and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.
low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs. heart size is within normal limits for ap technique. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate. no visible pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. pulmonary vascularity is normal.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine..
bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. xxxx xxxx opacities xxxx reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. tortuous aorta cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine.
cardiomegaly. left lung clear. large right effusion. compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base
chronic changes of emphysema. no acute findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left most xxxx representing acute infectious process. widening of the mediastinum xxxx secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid or possibly reactive adenopathy. right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothorax. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. hiatal hernia. the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. stable moderate cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. decreased left basilar airspace disease. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no pleural air collections. heart and mediastinum normal. a vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. xxxx lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic xxxx xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic xxxx are blunted xxxx corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
clear lungs. spinal stimulator in xxxx. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. further workup could be initiated with contrasted ct of the chest abdomen and pelvis. dr. xxxx xxxx i discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx. three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. the largest measures 5 mm in diameter. another nodule is present near the right hilum. it is approximately 2 cm in diameter. the xxxx and mediastinum appear normal. heart size normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart xxxx normal heart size. negative for consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no evidence of active tb. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen xxxx from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable.
normal chest x-xxxx. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lung xxxx are clear without evidence of effusion infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact. visualized soft tissues appear normal.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the heart size is normal. xxxx opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic xxxx which could represent scarring or atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report. xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02010xxxx. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. there is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. stable scarring in the right lung apex.
xxxx xxxx right pleural effusion. there is a right ij central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior svc. cardiac silhouette is normal size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is a small right pleural effusion. otherwise lungs are without focal airspace disease.
left basilar atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
distal tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. no apparent pneumothorax. stable right upper lung lucency. ct chest may be helpful to further characterize. there is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter the distal tip projects over the right atrium. there is no apparent pneumothorax. there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. there is stable right upper lung lucency. the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits.
bibasilar atelectasis. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is bilateral basilar xxxx opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
left upper lobe pneumonia. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most xxxx pneumonia. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. emphysema and atherosclerosis. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung similar to the previous exam. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea similar to the previous exam. the left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. there is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings.
well-expanded and clear lungs. apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the right lower lobe pneumonia there is xxxx airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. clips overlie the right medial hilum.
persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung grossly clear. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothorax.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis unchanged from last exam. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung stable in appearance from xxxx of xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified.
severe hyperinflation. stable left calcified hilar lymph xxxx. the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. the left hilar calcified lymph xxxx appear stable. there is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule xxxx representing a granuloma. the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
mild cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
borderline cardiomegaly. no acute findings. the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
lung hyperexpansion. no focal air space disease. the lungs are hyperexpanded. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
clear lungs lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with cabg. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar right greater than left airspace diseaseatelectasis. hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar right greater than left atelectasisairspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions or fibrosis
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with xxxx goiter. low lung volumes. stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. stable right upper mediastinal bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax. stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today's study. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
small left pleural effusion. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base xxxx atelectasis. the lateral view shows a xxxx left pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
xxxx airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia. there is a xxxx airspace opacity in the left upper lung. heart size within normal limits. mild calcification of the aortic xxxx. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
mild cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings mild cardiomegaly stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active cardiopulmonary disease. both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast implants.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature. chest ct with contrast may be helpful for further clarification. there is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
a cardiac pacemakerdefibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single xxxx projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged unchanged. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no comparison chest x-xxxx clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. remote left clavicle fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
cardiomegaly without acute pulmonary findings. the heart size is mildly enlarged. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. picc line is in xxxx. the tip is in the upper right atrium.
patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most xxxx represents patient's nipple recommend nipple xxxx films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the xxxx room for the nipple xxxx film
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. right hilar calcifications xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
xxxx xxxx atelectasisairspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality. there are xxxx xxxx opacities atelectasis versus airspace disease. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs are clear without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is a left-sided tunneled catheter the distal tip at the mid superior xxxx xxxx level.
normal chest no evidence of sarcoidosis. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
evidence of prior granulomatous disease stable. no acute abnormality. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patient's previous chest ct and are xxxx the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. no acute pulmonary findings. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. mild lung hyperinflation. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
xxxx indeterminant small nodular opacities. may be granulomas or bone islands. however xxxx is recommended given the history of malignancy. otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is unfolded. there is left base streaky opacity due to xxxx scarring or discoid atelectasis. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus posterior right 9th rib and the anterior t10 vertebral body. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. there is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax. there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures appear intact.
tortuous thoracic aorta. clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
resolution of cardiomegaly. no active disease. in the interval the heart size has become normal. pulmonary xxxx are normal. lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. no acute pulmonary findings. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.
mildly improved xxxx xxxx opacities which may represent atelectasis infiltrate andor pleural effusions. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms slightly improved from prior exam.. right-sided rib fractures again noted.
chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. right knee. severe joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral compartment.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present.
findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection. heart size is mildly enlarged. there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
small left retrocardiac opacity may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. small focal retrocardiac lung opacity.
chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. ribs. no displaced rib fractures or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically no radiographically apparent etiology for hemoptysis. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. tortuous aorta cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
xxxx bilateral effusions. heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. mild blunting of the costophrenic xxxx bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. compared to prior examination from xxxx there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. left basilar opacity xxxx represents chronic fibrosisscar. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. decubitus x-xxxx xxxx be informative. no evidence of pneumonia nodules or masses.
right ij catheter tip in proximal right atrium. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline in size. the aorta is mildly tortuous. xxxx right ij catheter is in xxxx with tip in proximal right atriumcavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. lungs are grossly clear. there is no large effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 3 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient is obese.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size borderline enlarged. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact.
streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.
heart size is normal. small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. probable interstitial edema less xxxx fibrosis.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine.
mild nonconsolidating right lower lobe airspace disease. this may represent an early pneumonia. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
mild interstitial edema. stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. sternotomy xxxx. aortic calcifications. mild interstitial edema. no focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax. mild cardiomegaly.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
left basilar atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx appear intact.
persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. consolidation and costophrenic xxxx blunting persists in both lower lobes. heart and pulmonary xxxx remain normal. no xxxx infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
bilateral airspace disease. stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours. no acute osseous abnormality. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. stable prominent mediastinal contours. central vascular congestion. mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys from prior examination.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
low lung volumes otherwise no definite acute findings. frontal view kyphotic and rotated low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx borderline enlarged.
probable right lower lobe pneumonia. xxxx diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding no acute cardiopulmonary finding. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe l1 xxxx deformity.
moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. dual-lumen right ij catheter is identified without pneumothorax. the lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar xxxx opacities xxxx adjacent atelectasis. there is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. otherwise no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. there is prominent left epicardial fat. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis. cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
no acute findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. thoracic spondylosis.
stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process. heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions right larger than left. early interstitial show pulmonary edema. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. xxxx xxxx right and xxxx left pleural effusions. there is xxxx right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. xxxx b-lines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear and mediastinal contours are normal. nodular density overlying the anterior left 4th rib xxxx represents a healing rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
mild emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. hyperexpanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. left hilar and medial left base granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities xxxx represent interstitial edema. cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are normal limits. increased interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. bilateral effusions andor atelectasis right worse than left. the heart size is enlarged. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. calcification is seen within the aortic xxxx. xxxx interstitial opacities. there are no nodules or masses. stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. no visible pneumothorax. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting left worse than right. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. right paratracheal prominence xxxx represents tortuous xxxx. comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available. heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence xxxx represents tortuous xxxx. xxxx lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
left-sided biventricular cardiac pacemaker. leads appear intact. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. there is a left-sided biventricular pacemaker. leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. the leads appear intact. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities xxxx pulmonary edema. there are xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. no large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. no pneumothorax is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are present. the lungs are clear.
enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure. small pleural effusions. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 122diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. there is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. there are small pleural effusions right larger than left. no evidence of pneumothorax. dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta.
question of left lower lobe pneumonia andor pleural effusion. borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes. there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.
at xxxx 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider xxxx for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. the lungs appear clear. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. this was seen well on prior xxxx. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. no acute osseous findings.
no evidence of active disease. patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. mild age-indeterminate wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate mild wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothorax.
pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
right-sided small pleural effusion. right base xxxxfluid level. atypical location for a hiatal hernia. cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. correlation xxxx scan recommended. does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. there is an the right base xxxxfluid level. the left lung is clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. prominent interstitium possibly due to mild volume overload. stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. increased interstitial lung markings are seen possibly due to volume overload. there is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. no xxxx focal consolidation or pneumothorax. stable tunneled dialysis catheter. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. specifically no evidence of rib fractures.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. no edema or pneumonia. no effusion
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. calcified right lower lobe granuloma the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. low lung volumes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
patchy airspace disease on the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe xxxx a pneumonia superimposed on xxxx severe underlying emphysema. recommend following this process to resolution. patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. there is severe underlying emphysema. the aorta is calcified. there is spondylosis.
no active disease. lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
question of posterior 10 rib fracture correlate with xxxx tenderness. lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. clear lungs. low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. heart and mediastinum normal.
right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion probably representing pneumonia. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. pacemaker leads are within the right atrium and ventricle. lungs demonstrate there is right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion suspicious for pneumonia. left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior granulomatous disease. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings. patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic xxxx study from xxxx as well. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate.
interval postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation suspicious bony opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
left basilar opacity xxxx represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomegaly. no xxxx airspace disease. the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. there is a large amount of xxxx distending the stomach which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. there is no pneumothorax.
retained contrast in the distal esophagus. unchanged right hilar mass. there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a 0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. there are calcified right hilar granulomas. there is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx are present.
unchanged cardiomegaly. question xxxx pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation. mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent small effusions. no pneumothorax is present. there is moderate cardiomegaly. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
heart size normal. over expanded lungs. aortic valve prosthesis. calcified right hilar lymph node. stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. the patient has xxxx right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old ct scans. from xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart. clear lungs. trachea midline. scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
marked cardiomegaly. increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs edema versus chronic interstitial changes. the aortic xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
stable heart size mediastinal silhouette. no overt edema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
persistent cardiomegaly. right midlung scar. no visible acute failure or pneumonia. the heart is large. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates.
chest. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. left hip. advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of metastasis. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
no comparisons. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. status post coronary artery bypass grafting.
no evidence of active tuberculosis. mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
possible small right pleural effusion without focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which may represent a small right pleural effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and heart size within normal limits and stable. no acute osseous abnormality. there is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. old healed left rib fractures are noted.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
apical lordotic frontal view. heart size near top normal limits aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
chest. no active disease. lumbar spine negative. chest. both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. xxxx disc spaces and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. no effusion pneumonia nodules or masses.
stable right middle lobe consolidation most consistent with pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
bilateral enlargement of the xxxx xxxx lymphadenopathy. consider correlation with a xxxx of the chest. sarcoidosis would be a consideration less xxxx lymphoproliferative xxxxlymphoma.
heart size upper limits of normal. small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease. lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no hyperexpansion of the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region right lower lung zones. low lung volumes. no noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no small heart size. there is a right diaphragmatic hump. the soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic xxxx could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
borderline cardiomegaly. no acute findings. the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. degenerative endplate changes of the spine..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule again noted in the right lower lobe suggesting a previous granulomatous process.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no infiltrates or atelectasis. gallbladder xxxx clips.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
emphysema and scarring without acute disease the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated with xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
xxxx interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of xxxx. no pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat xxxx is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the xxxx are unremarkable.
buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body. fracture is possible if high energy xxxx was localized to this region. correlate with focal tenderness. xxxx chest if warranted. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickeningscarring. there is a xxxx like deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body (lateral view). negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx intact.
no active disease. a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic xxxx. lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is normal. there is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. lungs are clear bilaterally. thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation.
continued slight cardiomegaly with no evidence for failure or pneumonia. heart size remains slightly large. aorta remains tortuous. pulmonary xxxx remain normal. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
resolution of cardiomegaly. no active disease. in the interval the heart size has become normal. pulmonary xxxx are normal. lungs are clear and expanded.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is mild scoliosis of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar xxxx. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
heart size mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of metastasis. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. configuration of breast shadows on the pa view suggests prior right lumpectomy.
slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits for patient's age. no suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified.
no change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung. redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease. consolidation atelectasis and costophrenic xxxx blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. a persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. no xxxx infiltrates. heart is slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. aorta remains tortuous.
no acute abnormalities are seen. the cardiac silhouette mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. there is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no large pleural effusions.
minimal cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. fat seen within the xxxx fissure on the right.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. xxxx scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
the lungs are hypoinflated. there is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration. there is minimal airspace disease in the left lung base xxxx atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. mild xxxx left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. biapical fibronodular thickeningscarring. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
stable chest. no acute disease process identified. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are xxxx spine marginal osteophytes.
no acute thoracic abnormality. cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. probable large hiatal hernia. limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia age-indeterminate xxxx fracture deformities. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation remodeling of the glenoid and extensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic xxxx deformities age-indeterminate. there is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum most xxxx secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in xxxx with tip overlying the t9 vertebral body.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusions pneumonia or edema
heart size normal. dilated tortuous calcified aortic xxxx. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most xxxx represents calcified granulomas. no nodules or masses. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. review of xxxx-ct demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. the lungs remain grossly clear aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia or effusion. no nodules or masses.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially unchanged.
copd and probable right basilar scarring. no acute pulmonary disease identified. there is hyperinflation. there is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases. findings are nonspecific but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process. minimally increased xxxx airspace opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. heart size normal limits. cholecystectomy clips.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx airspace opacity in the right middle lobe xxxx atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic xxxx. there are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
stable chest no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
unremarkable chest study. the xxxx and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic xxxx is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
improved basilar aeration. persistent small bilateral pleural effusions xxxx on the right small on the left with some associated left basilar atelectasis. lungs otherwise clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. changes of emphysema. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute pulmonary findings. there are broken 1st and 3rd-5xxxx xxxx xxxx. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. left-sided aortic xxxx. central airways are xxxx. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.
nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis scarring andor atelectasis. comparison with outside previous films may be useful. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion and no acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable marked cardiomegaly. cardiac xxxx generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a xxxx terminating in the right ventricle. no focal airspace disease. mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. the heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal ct in xxxx.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no active disease.
mildly hypoinflated grossly clear lungs. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for ap technique. lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are no acute bony findings.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no large pleural effusions.
small 3 mm right-sided pneumothorax. small 3 mm right-sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion.
right lower lobe pneumonia. the heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. there is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis. interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion xxxx intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly with persistent bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis andor infiltrate. no xxxx focal consolidations pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute osseous abnormality.
copd. no acute pulmonary disease. there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle. this could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded. no prior images are currently available for comparison. if outside images are available comparison is recommended. otherwise xxxx scan of the chest. calcified granulomas are present. there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. this is approximately 2 cm in diameter. it may be secondary to overlapping structures. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is normal. calcifications of the aortic xxxx are seen. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. there has been a left mastectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active tuberculosis. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
stable chest x-xxxx without acute cardiopulmonary findings. frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular osseous common pleural structures. no focal airspace consolidation. moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
hypoinflation without acute parenchymal infiltrate. mild mediastinal prominence xxxx related to superimposed xxxx and mediastinal fat. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and xxxx reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
minimal xxxx patchy airspace disease within the lingula may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. the lungs are well aerated. there is minimal patchy and xxxx air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. unchanged xxxx opacity in the left lung base xxxx scarring. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. no evidence for heart failure. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable exam without acute abnormality. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. prior granulomatous disease appears stable.
small bilateral pleural effusions. prominent interstitial markings. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. normal heart size. catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. there is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease right greater than left.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified mediastinal xxxx. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and xxxx posterior pleural effusion. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. these lesions are xxxx and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema or could be further characterized with ct. cardiomegaly is present. there is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of xxxx b-lines. there is no pneumothorax. there is an oval 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. there is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. there is a xxxx posterior effusion. normal mediastinal silhouette. t-spine osteophytes.
the 3 xxxx xxxx remain intact and the prosthetic pulmonic valve is unchanged in position. a fourth xxxx xxxx remains disrupted. there is persistent mild to moderate cardiomegaly. the lungs appear clear.
bibasilar airspace disease. there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
compared with prior examination mildly improved inspirational xxxx. lung parenchyma is not clear. no acute airspace disease large pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
emphysematous change without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. gastrostomy tube is noted.
blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a xxxx effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no visualized rib fractures. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no definite visualized rib fractures.
age-indeterminate lower thoracic slight xxxx deformity otherwise negative exam. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a slight xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate.
no lobar pneumonia cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size is upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
decreasing lung volumes. probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms.
low lung volumes no acute cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes. xxxx normal heart size. no pneumothorax. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no active disease.. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. aortic calcifications and tortuosity. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
continued severe cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. no acute pulmonary disease process identified. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most xxxx representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified right hilar granuloma. there are degenerative changes of the xxxx. there is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most xxxx represents a skinfold. there is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. first rib fracture not well demonstrated on xxxx study..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
unremarkable chest x-xxxx. the cardiac silhouette mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality demonstrated. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since xxxx exam. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. osteopenia. mild loss of xxxx of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. bilateral nipple shadows. right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. xxxx overlies the common bile duct.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. old right rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions.
stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. xxxx opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. stable chronic coarse interstitial markings without focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact. xxxx right cervical rib.
xxxx change copd. no acute findings. lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
stable heart size mediastinal silhouette. no overt edema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumoperitoneum. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
mild xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with residual atelectasisscarring. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. right chest wall surgical xxxx have been removed. there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual xxxx opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 8mm nodule in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change.
cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. atypical infection is another consideration. there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. osteopenia of the spine is identified.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no nodular masses. ct scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum unremarkable. no change in the mediastinal surgical clips.
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. these findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease. stable mild left-sided volume loss. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. aorta is mildly tortuous. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the left midlung. status post resection of left upper lobe. no adenopathy nodules or masses. no effusion.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic xxxx. this is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. in addition marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. although the heart is not enlarged this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. there is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic xxxx greater than right. a subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. the osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes.
unremarkable examination of the chest. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. emphysematous changes are identified. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mildly enlarged heart. tortuous aorta. aortic calcifications. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable calcified granulomas. bony thorax is unremarkable.
unremarkable chest x-xxxx. the cardiac silhouette mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially t12-lthe lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t12-l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. pulmonary xxxx are within normal limits. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
status post left mastectomy. heart size normal. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. emphysema. evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. xxxx are chronic coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung xxxx reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical xxxx. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. stable left mid lung granuloma.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. unremarkable examination of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion nodules adenopathy or masses.
borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change differential diagnosis is xxxx and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema inflammation atypical infection infiltrative process. comparison with previous exams would be of xxxx. bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy metastatic disease. heart size near top normal bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema xxxx and irregular interstitial markings right greater than left. prominent left epicardial fat xxxx no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. atrial septal occluder artifact. mild spine curvature.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base not obscuring the right heart xxxx. this may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. left lung clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. skeletal structures unremarkable.
right lung clear. catheter tip in upper svc. heart size appears normal. patient is a large left effusion extending up to the level of the aortic xxxx. the ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam and she is trying to arrange admission to xxxx for dyspnea evaluation.
no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
hyperexpanded lungs. negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. biapical fibronodular thickeningscarring. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema. study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
stable cardiomegaly without heart failure. stable cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx several of which are interrupted and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. technically limited exam. incidental note xxxx of large cervical spine osteophytes. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
no evidence of active tb. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen xxxx from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic xxxx. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal air space consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. changes of prior right mastectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no visualized rib fractures. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no definite visualized rib fractures.
right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. no definite findings of pneumonia. exam limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
right upper lobe pneumonia. rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer. follow up to resolution recommended. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. there is right upper lobe airspace disease.. there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and suspected pulmonary edema. the heart is enlarged. there is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. the distribution xxxx pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion xxxx. tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
large pericardial effusion. there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the xxxx xxxx configuration compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothorax.
pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. no acute pulmonary process. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal xxxx opacities within the lung bases xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.
presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs with no evidence of left-to-right shunt.
postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. no acute findings. there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
heart size is normal. no nodules masses or adenopathy. calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph xxxx unchanged.
no acute findings. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute intrathoracic disease. portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette central airways pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
scattered xxxx opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. there is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. healed left rib fractures again noted.
borderline cardiomegaly otherwise unremarkable exam. heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax.
heart size mildly enlarged for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. exaggerated kyphosis.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. small bilateral pleural effusions. no visible pneumothorax. ap and lateral view of the chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. the aorta is tortuous but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal.
no pneumothorax. pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium right ventricle and a coronary vein. heart size normal. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta unchanged
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
concern for left subphrenic free air. verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. left central venous catheter in unchanged position. interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the xxxx-of-view. there is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. there are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. no pneumothorax. heart size upper limits of normal. the left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower svc. the feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the xxxx-of-view.
retained contrast in the distal esophagus. unchanged right hilar mass. there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a 0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior granulomatous disease. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
limited exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen (this does not represent free intra-abdominal xxxx). recommend repeat chest x-xxxx. artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is upper limits of normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
low lung volumes. xxxx xxxx opacities. right base appears to represent atelectasis. left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. the appearance of the right base opacity xxxx atelectasis. the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no active disease. mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc. the lungs appear to be clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiomegaly without acute disease. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are extensive vascular calcifications. there is a left midlung calcified granuloma.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax grossly unremarkable.
right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. there is prominence of the right heart xxxx consistent with right atrial enlargement. a xxxx density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 193
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute preoperative findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size borderline enlarged. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. abnormal appearance of the mediastinum as discussed below. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta unchanged. there is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and xxxx pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on xxxx chest in xxxx. radiographically the findings are grossly stable.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection.
technically limited exam. low lung volumes with xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. evaluation is limited by body habitus and ap technique. enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and xxxx film. stable heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. cardiac xxxx generator leads xxxx over the right atrium and right ventricle. two xxxx bilateral pleural effusions.
no acute findings apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted.
no interval change. sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged. no xxxx consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. rotated apical lordotic frontal projection mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
question left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view. clear lungs. rotated with low lung volumes. question left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
large hiatal hernia. clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacification.
no pulmonary nodules. negative chest. heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. a single xxxx cardiac defibrillator xxxx projects over the right ventricle in stable position. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips from prior cabg.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no obvious rib fractures. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
small right apical pneumothorax. right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities xxxx residual atelectasis. near-complete resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with xxxx residual. normal cardiomediastinal contours. right lower lung patchy opacities. small right pneumothorax. small right pleural effusion.
clear lungs. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. prominent ascending aorta. calcified left hilar xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx scarring is noted in the lingula. the lungs are clear.
no cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge xxxx deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.
persistent and biapical opacities. no acute pulmonary disease identified. there is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. the heart and mediastinum are normal. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.
xxxx airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia. there is a xxxx airspace opacity in the left upper lung. heart size within normal limits. mild calcification of the aortic xxxx. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no stable cardiomegaly without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis with the xxxx xxxx otherwise grossly intact.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 3 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. there is some tortuosity of the aorta. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
copd. no acute disease. lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
copd. no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
left lower lobe superior segment airspace consolidation radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. based on patient's age a followup chest x-xxxx to document resolution is recommended. xxxx left parapneumonic pleural effusion. there is mild xxxx mentally without pulmonary edema. tortuous thoracic aorta unchanged. stable positioning of the dual-xxxx cardiac xxxx device. no visible pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe xxxx appreciated on lateral projection. increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size normal. lungs clear. hiatal hernia. no effusion the or pneumothorax. no pneumonia
right upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous xxxx scan. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. on a previous outside xxxx scan (xxxx) the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the xxxx xxxx from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available however for direct comparison.
well-expanded and clear lungs. conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
mildly hyperexpanded lungs without acute focal infiltrate. mild hyperinflation. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
interval enlargement of right middle lobe mass highly suspicious for malignancy. recommend ct of the chestabdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. otherwise clear lungs. dr. xxxx xxxx notified of the critical results at xxxx on xxxx xxxx by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results. lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 5 x 8 cm increased in size compared to prior study most compatible with neoplasm. otherwise the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear without focal airspace opacity. there are no pleural effusions and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
findings of copd and left base focal atelectasis. lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body xxxx.
small left pleural effusion. mediastinal adenopathy noted but better evaluated on the xxxx xxxx ct. heart size is xxxx within normal limits. there are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. there is no pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. abnormal convexity within the mediastinum xxxx represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior xxxx.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
stable mild cardiomegaly. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. heart is mildly enlarged stable. mediastinal contour is normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly without heart failure. minimal xxxx left basilar scarringatelectasis. enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. xxxx left base density. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no xxxx infiltrates noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. wedge-shaped xxxx fracture of t1heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. again visualized is a wedge-shaped xxxx fracture of t1
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
no acute pulmonary findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. the lungs are otherwise clear. prior anterior cervical fusion.
apical lordotic frontal view. heart size near top normal limits aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
clear lungs. enlarged left ventricle. a tortuous dilated aorta. no pneumonia
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
hyperinflated lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable calcified granulomas. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx are present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right chest wall surgical clips compatible with prior lumpectomy. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear. heart is normal size. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
xxxx bullet fragments as described above. no evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. xxxx xxxx opacities in the lung bases. there are xxxx fragments overlying the posterior left chest right neck base and xxxx fragments in the left costophrenic xxxx. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
increased left hilar fullness. this may represent superimposed xxxx adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. if there is clinical concern suggest reference to prior exam or ct chest. large hiatal hernia increased in size from prior exam. the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum small interval change from prior exam. lucencies throughout the chest xxxx representing emphysematous change. scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax. large hiatal hernia increased from prior exam.
no active disease.
stable emphysematous changes. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
comparison xxxx xxxx clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically no evidence of active tuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-xxxx. no pneumothorax. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
mild to moderate cardiomegaly. vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema heart size mildly to moderately enlarged distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. mild vascular cephalization no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema no focal alveolar consolidation. no pleural effusion xxxx demonstrated.
stable appearance of the chest see above. stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an interim xxxx cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated.
minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given ap projection. the right lung appears clear. there is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a partially visualized ivc xxxx on the lateral view. there are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no focal airspace consolidation. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs. the tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
cardiac xxxx in stable position. increase in right and decrease in left basilar atelectasis. left-sided dual-xxxx cardiac xxxx in stable position. the heart is of normal size. interval decrease and left basilar opacity. increase in xxxx opacities in the right lung base. no pneumothorax or large effusion. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. calcification of the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax large effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is normal. slightly tortuous aorta. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. no adenopathy or fibrosis.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
copd and old granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation. calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection. the heart is normal. arthritic changes the spine are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. mild degenerative change thoracic spine. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size normal limits.
large left lower lobe opacity xxxx represents a large layering pleural effusion. right lung is clear. large left lower lobe opacity is present. there does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. the mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left midlung 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. no effusions. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia. no bony abnormalities. status post left shoulder replacement.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine ap technique. no edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. there is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae possibly t7 age-indeterminate. correlate for midthoracic tenderness. no displaced acute rib fractures are identified.
no active disease. mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc. the lungs appear to be clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia. two views of chest was obtained in ap projection. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is evidence of cabg.
left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right. this may be secondary to inhalational injury. recommend followup to ensure complete resolution. the heart is within normal limits in size. surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. the lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. there is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly without failure ectatic aorta heart size is enlarged. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx old pleural scar. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. a left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. there is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the xxxx.
marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. mild atelectasis in the right base. stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. obscured left heart xxxx. kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel xxxx deformities poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia.
severe hyperinflation. stable left calcified hilar lymph xxxx. the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. the left hilar calcified lymph xxxx appear stable. there is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule xxxx representing a granuloma. the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
small left retrocardiac opacity may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. small focal retrocardiac lung opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease stable postsurgical changes. heart xxxx mediastinum and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no effusions. multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. small right pleural effusion. right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding infiltrates or pulmonary edema. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart xxxx.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
heart size is at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal airspace consolidation.
hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction unchanged since prior xxxx. xxxx opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. no acute airspace disease or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
mild nonconsolidating right lower lobe airspace disease. this may represent an early pneumonia. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
pathologic fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc. left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. xxxx fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with xxxx xxxx hypoventilatory changes. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. no acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal chest the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
increased opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. recommend chest ct for further evaluation. xxxx opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. there is xxxx increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no focal pulmonary consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum. no focal pulmonary consolidation. diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute preoperative findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema stable cardiomegaly low lung volumes
cardiomegaly. cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. clear lung xxxx bilaterally.
xxxx pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasisairspace disease. central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. left basilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. heart size xxxx large. xxxx unremarkable. no large pleural effusion.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
cardiomegaly indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema atypical infection inflammation heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding right greater than left indistinct vascular margination. no definite focal alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion xxxx demonstrated.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. umbilical piercing.
mildly low lung volumes with xxxx atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
exam somewhat limited costophrenic xxxx excluded. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. examination is somewhat limited the costophrenic xxxx and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the heart size is normal. there is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex otherwise lungs clear
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
normal chest radiograph. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. calcified left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node. moderate hiatus hernia. there is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. a moderate hiatal hernia is present. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. decubitus x-xxxx xxxx be informative. no evidence of pneumonia nodules or masses.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance.
cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. there is right lower lobe scarring. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. granulomas present. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no change from prior exam. the outside x-xxxx is normal except for slight cardiomegaly.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
stable chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no xxxx consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size normal. lungs clear
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest with overlying xxxx xxxx or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view with correlate on lateral view. degenerative spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph xxxx. stable lingular scarring. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no evidence of active tuberculosis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute abnormality identified. heart size is normal. there are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph xxxx which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding. heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. there is a small right pleural effusion. there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. small left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified left hilar node.
stable cardiomegaly and xxxx of interstitial edema with small but increasing right pleural effusion. there is stable cardiomegaly. right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. prominent interstitium is stable. no xxxx focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
mild hyperexpansion. no acute process. flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
overall stable appearance of the chest suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. this appearance is overall not significantly xxxx. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no active disease.
stable left thoracotomy changes with left-sided volume loss. no acute interval change. the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of xxxx sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
there is a near spherical xxxx shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. this may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. could be further evaluated with ct if clinically indicated. slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. overall clear lungs. normal mediastinal contour. no effusions.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. stable mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteriespulmonary hypertension. please correlate clinically. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. stable mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx opacity in the left xxxx xxxx representing a scar. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute disease ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality.
hyperexpanded lungs suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary process. heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. mediastinal contour normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. this is most concerning for pneumonia. recommend follow up to ensure resolution. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
lungs appear slightly hyperinflated suggestive of emphysema. no acute airspace abnormality seen. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size upper limits normal. sternotomy. right-sided aortic xxxx. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
right upper lobe cavity consistent with prior tuberculous infection. there is increased right upper lobe opacities xxxx compared to the prior study. this could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection. there is stable cavity in the right apex xxxx related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperexpansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most xxxx represents patient's nipple recommend nipple xxxx films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the xxxx room for the nipple xxxx film
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen xxxx consistent with gallstone.
bilateral airspace disease. stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours. no acute osseous abnormality. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. stable prominent mediastinal contours. central vascular congestion. mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no change. no active disease. the parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. no xxxx infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum are normal.
suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs of uncertain acuity. correlate with xxxx tenderness. low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis left greater than right. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowdingatelectasis. there is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and xxxx the left anterior 6th rib of uncertain acuity. correlate with xxxx tenderness. there is mild xxxx atelectasis in the left lung base. there is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib xxxx remote fracture. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes xxxx xxxx atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs appear hyperinflated. this may be secondary to xxxx voluntary xxxx considering patient's age. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent xxxx is most xxxx calcified. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes lungs appear clear heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal pleural spaces are clear
stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. the heart is again enlarged. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. ill-defined 5 cm x 9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung xxxx lower lobe. this is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. although this could be scar concern is for nodule and further evaluation xxxx chest is recommended. a message was left with doctor xxxx' service at 142 pm xxxx1mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. osteopenia. minimal loss of xxxx of an upper thoracic vertebra. irregular 8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 xxxx callus with xxxx similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. heart size normal.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiac silhouette within normal limits. no edema or airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities which may represent infection andor atelectasis. bilateral rib fractures most of which appear old. interval vertebral body xxxx deformity in the lumbar spine since xxxx. normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures some of which appear old. interval xxxx deformity of the vertebral body xxxx xxxx the level of the two vertebroplasty xxxx.
stable aneurysmal enlargement of the xxxx and descending aorta. chest cta could be obtained as a xxxx. borderline heart size. no acute pulmonary disease process. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. tortuous ectatic aorta. the aortic xxxx is near 5 cm in diameter. there is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. there is biapical scarring. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. xxxx spine spondylitic changes.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. a xxxx lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and xxxx entering from subclavian approach. the tip is noted in the superior xxxx xxxx inferiorly. no pneumothorax identified. the lungs appear clear. few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. previously seen left-sided picc line has been removed.
limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. no pleural line of pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. xxxx xxxx sternotomy xxxx appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea.
negative chest x-xxxx. no evidence of pneumonia. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. no xxxx consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. no edema. couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease.
chest. no change no active cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. pelvis and hips negative for recent bony injury. both lungs remain clear and expanded. no focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. heart and aorta are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia. pelvis. bone density is decreased. hips are normal and symmetric. no fractures dislocations or bone destruction. note xxxx of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
cardiomegaly. left lung clear. large right effusion. compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base
right upper lobe opacity. without comparisons this may represent a focal area of infectionpneumonia. however correlation should be xxxx for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance. if discordant from clinical suspicion or does not resolve on follow up imaging consider further evaluation with xxxx scan. enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodulelymph node or superimposing blood xxxx. in the absence of prior studies for comparison xxxx chest for further evaluation. result notification xxxx primordial. there is a 5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. xxxx opacities xxxx representing surgical clips in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. no focal lung consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size normal. tortuous aorta. calcified hilar lymph xxxx xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. hyperinflated lungs. the otherwise lungs are clear. the bilateral apices are partially excluded from the xxxx-of-view. there is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture xxxx appears grossly intact. osteopenia. exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
right lower lobe infiltrate. in the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. consider followup pa and lateral chest x-xxxx in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass. postop changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly. there is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is normal. no large effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
unremarkable radiographs of the chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung xxxx heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. scattered calcified granulomas noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry.
no evidence of active disease. changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size normal and lungs clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
small calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. also small perihilar calcified lymph xxxx. lungs are clear. no active parenchymal disease. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. left knee: minimal degenerative changes however no acute bony abnormality. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. left knee: there is no fracture-dislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a xxxx.
elevated right hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease. heart size mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
redemonstrated pulmonary fibrosis without evidence for acute infiltrate. there are diffuse increased interstitial markings suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung xxxx. the fibrosis appears to slightly increased xxxx compared to previous examination in xxxx. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate is seen.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no focal lung consolidation. copd. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with copd. mild cardiomegaly. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. hyperlucent lungs xxxx related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. xxxx opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. probable pectus deformity. negative for acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
right upper lobe pneumonia. right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient's history. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. there is no large pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. pression: low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings.
hand minimally displaced fracture through the xxxx of the scaphoid. lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal. this may represent a vascular xxxx or if xxxx tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more xxxx. chest no acute cardiopulmonary findings. chest. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size is normal. no focal thoracic bony findings. hand. there is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the xxxx of the scaphoid. there is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast xxxx within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region.
cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified. the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules concerning for metastatic disease. prominent left hilum. after correlation with the xxxx scan performed today findings xxxx reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery. there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. for example there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule xxxx seen on the frontal view. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the left hilar contour is prominent. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
borderline heart size. calcified aorta. no active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia.
limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no definite pleural effusion consolidation or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony abnormality.
negative chest. the bony thorax is intact and the heart size is normal. the lung xxxx are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. we again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the xxxx are generally unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of emphysema. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine anterior osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. lung volumes are low. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax xxxx related to superimposed soft tissues. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
borderline heart size. calcified aorta. no active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base xxxx secondary to a skin fold. no acute bony findings.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are in xxxx and intact. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the bilateral costophrenic xxxx are excluded from the image on the pa view. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
no acute findings stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal and hilar contours surgical clips and cabg markers. stable xxxx densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. coronary artery stent.
no acute abnormality of the chest. right hilar prominence corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated xxxx abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx. consider xxxx of the chest for further evaluation. heart size within normal limits. prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy previously partially demonstrated xxxx abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. tips noted.
redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. ill-defined xxxx right upper lung opacities possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. further imaging xxxx of the chest may be indicated. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest xxxx tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe xxxx from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. there is hyperexpansion hyperlucency of both lungs as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size normal. lungs clear. resolution of effusion seen on prior exam
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema. the lungs are hyperexpanded with increased ap diameter of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. this may represent xxxx pulmonary nodule. the primordial xxxx was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe rounded focal density. could be xxxx lung nodule.
suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs of uncertain acuity. correlate with xxxx tenderness. low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis left greater than right. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowdingatelectasis. there is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and xxxx the left anterior 6th rib of uncertain acuity. correlate with xxxx tenderness. there is mild xxxx atelectasis in the left lung base. there is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib xxxx remote fracture. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. biapical scarring noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
8 mm left midlung nodule. xxxx since xxxx. comparison to interval outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule. if old films are not available or if this is xxxx chest ct scan could be xxxx to better define this. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there has been development of a small lung nodule. this measures approximately 8 mm in diameter.
no acute abnormality. the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
heart size normal. lungs clear. no edema or effusions.
lingular nodule measuring 2 x 6 cm. recommend xxxx to further evaluate. the above findings and recommendations were discussed with xxxx xxxx at xxxx p.m. xxxx xxxx xxxx telephone. mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic xxxx are xxxx. there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart xxxx there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2 x 6 cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx. a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall stable compared to prior examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. stable scarring in the right lung apex.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
left basilar patchy opacities which may represent atelectasis or infection. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left basilar patchy opacities. small hiatal hernia.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. xxxx right lower lung opacity xxxx represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of xxxx seen in the transverse colon.
bibasilar opacities right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
left upper lobe opacities cannot exclude mass lesions. recommend ct chest for further evaluation. there is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
question of left lower lobe pneumonia andor pleural effusion. borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes. there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. clear lungs bilaterally.
low lung volumes with right base airspace disease. heart size upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.
bibasilar pneumonia. consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. trachea is midline.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. interval worsening of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis.
left upper lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in 8-12 weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified.
elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. normal heart size. mild spondylosis.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen.
clear lungs lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with cabg. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes are present in the xxxx spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
1 cm nodule within the lung base seen only on the lateral view. consider imaging correlation with xxxx abdomen study if available. there is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema. moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy xxxx noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours appear normal. there's no pneumothorax.
stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease. mildly low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
emphysema. large right upper lobe xxxx. biapical scarring. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung xxxx large emphysematous xxxx. there are xxxx biapical opacities xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
chest. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. thoracic spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. lumbar spine. mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. thoracic spine: mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative endplate changes. lumbar spine: there are 5 nonrib-bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. alignment is within normal limits. vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. moderate amount of stool..
subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia. there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are noted. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which xxxx represents an old fracture..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the xxxx are generally unremarkable.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no x-xxxx evidence of metastatic disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval development of healing left sided rib fractures. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.
findings of copd with right lung base focal atelectasis. no evidence for failure or pneumonia. no change lung xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the right lower lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. aorta normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. exact etiology of these is unclear. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality.
right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. xxxx for better characterization. no acute pulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule not seen on prior exams. there are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. no focal airspace consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
hiatal hernia as before. scattered right upper lung scarring as before. overall well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no acute findings. there are minimal xxxx left basilar opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. cardiac defibrillator xxxx overlies the right ventricle. the xxxx appears intact. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute bony findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in xxxx study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly. basilar atelectasis. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
significant bilateral emphysematous changes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
heart size normal. right lung clear. persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no xxxx consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated.
mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. mild lung hyperexpansion. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
heart size normal. mildly tortuous aorta. no overt edema. no focal consolidation no pneumothorax. no significant pleural effusion though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no active disease. no evidence for heart failure. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute abnormality identified. heart size is normal. there are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph xxxx which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings.
mild cardiomegaly with xxxx of early failure. similar mild cardiomegaly. of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. no focal consolidations or effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
patchy opacity left base may represent evolving infiltrate. small right pleural effusion. low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. small right effusion.
chest. no active disease. the knee. advanced degenerative joint disease. chest. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left knee. the right total knee prosthesis remains in xxxx. the medial compartment is markedly narrow. large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic xxxx on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion atelectasis andor consolidation. interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate. there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. in addition there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothorax. the xxxx lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
left base focal atelectasis no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the there are xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung which are most xxxx dependent atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. multiple calcified granulomas identified bilaterally. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. xxxx for better characterization. no acute pulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule not seen on prior exams. there are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. no focal airspace consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.
three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural or mediastinal air collections. heart size normal.
tortuous thoracic aorta. clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
possible area of pneumonitis right lower lobe. there may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute abnormality. stable chest. stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. a 5 mm stable right apical nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. large hiatal hernia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. large hiatal hernia.
stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities. the heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. skin xxxx have been removed since prior study study. the left apical pneumothorax has resolved. there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. the right lung is grossly clear.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's lipoma.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are xxxx atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute abnormality. low volumes xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx certified radiologist at xxxx. there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact.
central pulmonary vascular congestion without xxxx edema consolidation. xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. compared to prior chest radiograph from xxxx there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from xxxx. no xxxx nodules focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without xxxx pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
unremarkable chest radiograph. unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. stable position of 2 pacemaker electrodes with a xxxx tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another xxxx tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. xxxx are unremarkable.
low lung volumes exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm lungs appear grossly clear. no evidence of pneumonia. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal pleural spaces are clear mediastinal contours appear normal no acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam
mild streakiness subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe. there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically no evidence of active tuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring both stable. unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta. the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs. no effusion
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. xxxx xxxx foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.
right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
mild xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with residual atelectasisscarring. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. right chest wall surgical xxxx have been removed. there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual xxxx opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute preoperative process. the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx scarring left base. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear.
further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. no evidence of recurrence. heart size normal. no effusion.
no active disease. heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine..
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no evidence of acute disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged.
heart size mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. normal heart size and mediastinal silhouette. no edema. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine possibly positional.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
hyperexpanded lung xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips overlying. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. there is no evidence of acute infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size normal. emphysema. biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged
heart size or great lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. overall no significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with xxxx xxxx atelectasis. the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. there is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. thoracic spondylosis is again seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
13 - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency seen with certainty on pa view only projects over right midlung. uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. there is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of ap xxxx. these findings could be further evaluated xxxx if clinically indicated. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour normal limits. no effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
hyperinflated but clear lungs. lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. calcified mediastinal xxxx identified.
pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
minimal atelectasis right base. no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally xxxx reflects pleural thickening or scarring no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there is a 6 mm calcified granuloma at the medial right lung base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasisscar. very small left pleural effusion. cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic xxxx. bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. old right rib fractures.
no acute cardio pulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. a xxxx density overlying the left costophrenic xxxx is xxxx due to overlying soft tissues. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
mild streaky left basilar airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiac silhouette within normal limits. central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs.
xxxx change copd with no acute findings. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no xxxx infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
no acute findings. the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
exam is technically limited by patient's body habitus. lung volumes are decreased. no evidence of acute airspace disease large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is stable.
hyperinflated chest as before compatible with emphysema. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lower lung volumes on the ap projection. heart size is upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. implantable cardiac xxxx are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve xxxx. xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
xxxx right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. in the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition on the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note xxxx of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
hand minimally displaced fracture through the xxxx of the scaphoid. lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal. this may represent a vascular xxxx or if xxxx tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more xxxx. chest no acute cardiopulmonary findings. chest. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size is normal. no focal thoracic bony findings. hand. there is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the xxxx of the scaphoid. there is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular xxxx.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no focal airspace consolidation. emphysema. stable biapical opacities possibly scarring. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are biapical opacities stable from the prior study. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
small to moderate right apical pneumothorax. 2 images. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 0 cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called xxxx. xxxx xxxx p.m. xxxx xxxx.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process. heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy xxxx.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic xxxx are excluded.
normal chest. heart size normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. soft tissues and xxxx are unremarkable.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema. unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. right basilar calcified granuloma noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality. borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic xxxx. this is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. in addition marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. although the heart is not enlarged this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. there is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic xxxx greater than right. a subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. the osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no hyperexpansion of the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and suspected pulmonary edema. the heart is enlarged. there is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. the distribution xxxx pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
chest. left lower lobe nodule which is worrisome. if there are no prior films available for comparison xxxx scan for further evaluation. pelvis and left hip. rotated subcapital fracture left hip. femur. no fracture the remaining portions of the femur. left knee. normal for age.  dr. xxxx- xxxx was called and informed of these critical results at xxxx. chest  comparison: there is a 6 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac xxxx. there may be some ill-defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is borderline enlarged. the aorta is dilated and tortuous. arthritic changes of the spine are present.  pelvis and left hip there is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. no pelvic fracture is seen. arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. large amount of stool and xxxx obscures portions of the pelvis.  femur the femoral images do not xxxx the area of the hip fracture. the remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present.  left knee there is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. no fracture is seen. no dislocation is identified. severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild nonspecific prominence of mediastinum consider repeat cxr xxxx if any concern for vascular process. technically limited study secondary to patient xxxx. decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension the heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
pulmonary vascular congestion. emphysema. bibasilar streaky airspace opacities. borderline enlarged heart. stable mediastinal contours. aortic xxxx calcifications. hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings compatible with emphysema. bilateral streaky opacities. increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal airspace disease. no acute bony abnormality.
mild bibasilar airspace disease probably atelectasis. heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence of the mediastinum. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
normal chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
persistent cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease. the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no xxxx infiltrates. heart size remains large. tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. a right central line has its tip at the superior xxxx xxxx.
no acute osseous abnormalities. if continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. left midlung and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax. small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. scattered calcifications are noted compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung. heart size within normal limits. there is focal left lateral base airspace disease. there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. this is not seen on the comparison. correlate clinically with history of fracture.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal. there are calcifications of the aortic xxxx. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size normal and lungs are clear
no acute pulmonary disease. single view of chest was obtained in ap projection. limited study secondary to body habitus. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax.
no radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases. heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. limited degenerative change of the spine
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax. no focal lung opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
some xxxx opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasisscarring. no acute airspace disease or effusions. heart appears prominent. some tortuosity thoracic aorta. midline retrocardiac opacity suggestive of a small hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. mild cardiomegaly. tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of xxxx deformity. the visualized osseous structures are intact. no displaced rib fractures. no edema or airspace consolidation
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (bochdalek).
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. stable mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
stable right middle lobe consolidation most consistent with pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. soft tissues unremarkable
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
large left hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
clear lungs. spinal stimulator in xxxx. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
right upper lobe pneumonia. rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer. follow up to resolution recommended. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. there is right upper lobe airspace disease.. there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. there is no large pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. pression: low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings.
grossly the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. no displaced bony injuries are present.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine anterior osteophytes.
persistent cardiomegaly. right midlung scar. no visible acute failure or pneumonia. the heart is large. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates.
postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality. there are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. xxxx deviation towards the left. right lung is hyperexpanded. the right lung is clear. heart size and vascularity within normal limits.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. emphysema. mild apical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified granuloma within the right lung base.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion xxxx. tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
suspected left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. xxxx thorax for further characterization. heart size is normal. there is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. questionable small right midlung nodule. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
status post mediastinal surgery. significantly improved aeration. remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus more on left than right side which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. for more detailed evaluation if clinically indicated consider decubitus views. no acute air space disease. no pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
bibasilar airspace disease left worse right. bilateral pleural fluid. consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
heart size normal. no fibrosis. right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. no effusions.
small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. correlate clinically for xxxx of infectionpneumonia. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no edema. normal heart size. mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
left basilar opacity xxxx represents atelectasisscarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomegaly. no xxxx airspace disease. the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. there is a large amount of xxxx distending the stomach which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. there is no pneumothorax.
patchy opacity left base may represent evolving infiltrate. small right pleural effusion. low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. small right effusion.
moderate thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. the patient's chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
left lower lobe xxxx segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion
no comparison chest x-xxxx. no evidence of active tuberculosis. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which xxxx represents an old fracture..
right basal acute airspace disease. please correlate clinically for pneumonia. chronic interstitial pattern may reflect copd. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. right-sided aortic xxxx. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. there is right basal xxxx patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right apical calcified granuloma noted.
patchy left lower lobe airspace disease concerning for pneumonia. right upper lobe opacity favoring scarring andor granulomas. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar andor granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodulemass in the left lower lung. diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor. suggest clinical correlation and further imaging xxxx examination. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. the largest is noted in the left lower lobe posteriorly measuring approximately 0 cm. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically no pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th 5th and 6th ribs age-indeterminate. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th 5th and 6th ribs age-indeterminate.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
cardiomegaly with xxxx right pleural effusion. cardiomegaly. prominent xxxx are stable. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax. minimal right costophrenic xxxx blunting. no focal infiltrates.
clear lungs. no airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. xxxx xxxx foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. xxxx lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.
no acute findings. the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical degenerative arthritis.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. stable left subclavian chest xxxx catheter tip in mid svc. lungs are well expanded. calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild xxxx loss of t4 and t7 vertebral bodies.
no acute findings heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly intact. degenerative t-spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute abnormality. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
xxxx of copd and interstitial lung disease. no definite pneumonia. there does appear to be progression of changes since xxxx. there your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. hyperinflation is present. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no evidence for pleural effusion. the heart is not enlarged. mediastinum is normal. there are arthritic changes of the spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. no acute infiltrate. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion is seen.
developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis consistent with pneumonitis. in the interval consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also anterior segment xxxx opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size is normal in the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable xxxx opacity in the left base xxxx scarring or atelectasis. rounded calcified density in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma. no xxxx consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence pulmonary outflow tract otherwise pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. no edema. no lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips are seen in the right upper abdomen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
emphysema. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. no superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pulmonary nodules. a single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral xxxx fracture is present. without a comparison study the age of this fracture is unknown. metastatic disease is possible however given the nonsclerotic appearance is not xxxx. healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. these xxxx't contours appear normal. there is a xxxx fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. this vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. the age of this fracture is unknown. there are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. there is a healed left clavicle fracture.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
right upper lobe pulmonary nodule xxxx granuloma. the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. no acute findings. there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal lung consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no adenopathy is seen.
no acute disease. stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops. the heart is enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. there is adjacent compressive atelectasis. the lungs are clear.
no acute findings. left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. there are xxxx opacities in the left lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex as well as over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue xxxx previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.
chest. large nodule at the right lung base that probably represents a granuloma although not it is not densely calcified. a low kv p chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the xxxx. if the patient has an outside chest radiograph comparison can be xxxx and the report addended. ribs. normal. critical result notification documented through primordial. if there are questions regarding this interpretation please xxxx xxxx. chest. heart size is normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. there is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. there are probably right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. lungs otherwise are clear. there is no pleural effusion. left ribs. no fracture or focal bony destruction.
prominent hiatal hernia. left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. xxxx right pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema  overt chf identified. stable senescent mediastinal contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
left lower lobe opacities xxxx representing pneumonia. enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension. there are scattered xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum xxxx representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. otherwise there is no focal opacity. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
minimal atelectasis right base. no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no xxxx consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable right paratracheal opacity. xxxx correlated xxxx of the chest xxxx xxxx this represents vascular shadows. mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level xxxx t10 on t1
asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. recommend xxxx xxxx chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. findings and recommendations were discussed xxxx. xxxx in the xxxx department at xxxx a.m. xxxxxxxx. mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
minimal perihilar opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there are changes of xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. xxxx chest radiograph is recommended if xxxx is not xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is xxxx a hiatal hernia.
stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
chest. no active disease. left knee. advanced degenerative joint disease. chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing large osteophyte formation multiple synovial osteochondromas.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease. no gross evidence for rib fracture. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. the mediastinum is normal. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
right basilar infiltrate or atelectasis and xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. there is mild blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. there is right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. the cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary xxxx are slightly prominent. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. no acute bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. otherwise no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. recommend followup characterization with xxxx. 2 images. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. otherwise the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. critical result notification documented through primordial.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are t-spine osteophytes. small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified. this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
mild hypoinflation without acute disease. retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no displaced rib fractures identified.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
normal chest. heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute or destructive bone abnormality.
worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. high-resolution xxxx would be recommended to evaluate these findings no evidence of acute pneumonia xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post xxxx sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. unchanged xxxx opacity in the left lung base xxxx scarring. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasisscar. very small left pleural effusion. cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic xxxx. bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. old right rib fractures.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are xxxx to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
clear lungs. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
mild left-sided scarringsubsegmental atelectasis. no definite infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region xxxx reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
xxxx right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. multiple right-sided rib fractures involving at xxxx the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. mild right basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus contusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable and adequately placed xxxx. prominent pulmonary vasculature subpleural edema and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis. there is interval placement of a xxxx on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. there is subpleural edema outlining the right xxxx fissure.
no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. atherosclerotic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size upper limits of normal. the infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally which xxxx represents xxxx appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airwaybronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. no airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. no effusions or edema. mediastinal contour unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most xxxx representing overlying shadows of bony structures which is stable.
heart size is normal. minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base seen xxxx on the lateral film otherwise lungs are clear. degenerative disease of thoracic spine. stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart xxxx.
unchanged cardiomegaly. interstitial prominence. maybe due to technical factors. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is xxxx prominent. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is xxxx spine spondylosis.
stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies compatible with xxxx cell changes.
copd. there is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are bilateral breast prostheses.
no acute pulmonary findings. broken of the 4xxxx xxxx xxxx similar to the prior study. stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. no xxxx focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. unremarkable bony structure.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally.
focal area of xxxx scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. no acute pulmonary process. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
unremarkable chest radiograph. unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable right lower lung granuloma. interval to right clavicle xxxx procedure. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and xxxx.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
senescent changes with xxxx sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease effusions or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal x-xxxx of chest.
mildly hypoinflated grossly clear lungs. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for ap technique. lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size upper limits of normal but stable. tortuous aorta. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bullous emphysematous changes. cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormality of the chest. xxxx deformities of t12 and l1 unchanged xxxx abdomen xxxx xxxx abdomen xxxx xxxx. fracture of right proximal humerus incompletely evaluated. mild cardiomegaly. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is xxxx deformity of t12 and l1 unchanged xxxx abdomen xxxx xxxx. aortic calcifications are noted. fracture of right proximal humerus incompletely evaluated.
hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits aortic calcifications and mild ectasiatortuosity. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury.
streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
right-sided chest xxxx in xxxx without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. a right-sided chest xxxx remains in xxxx with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. no parenchymal infiltrates. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. emphysema. evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. xxxx are chronic coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung xxxx reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical xxxx. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
suspected left hemidiaphragm paralysis. consider a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation. consider xxxx of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential xxxx. critical result notification documented through primordial. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation moderate cardiomegaly. mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting and fissural thickening interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen.
hyperexpanded lungs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. there is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. no acute bony abnormality. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
no evidence of active disease. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
partially loculated right pleural effusion grossly stable. stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. bibasilar airspace disease possibly atelectasis. there is a moderate layering left pleural effusion grossly stable. there is a moderate right pleural effusion which is partially loculated. there is some pleural fluid tracking along the right xxxx fissure. there is bibasilar airspace disease possibly passive atelectasis. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size is within normal limits. right picc tip is at the svc. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary findings. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomegaly tortuous thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. there is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. stable widening of the upper mediastinum. stable cardiomegaly. prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. xxxx xxxx appear intact.
xxxx densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis abnormal opacity in the right base xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration question small right pleural effusion atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position overall heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema. xxxx densities in the left base small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx. biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. no pneumothorax seen.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx unchanged. old xxxx fracture deformity of approximately t
left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. recommend followup pa and lateral chest x-xxxx in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. bilateral small pleural effusions. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified. the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size mildly enlarged for technique mediastinal contours appear similar to prior right chest xxxx tip in the high svc. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
xxxx right basilar airspace opacity. xxxx right basal airspace opacity. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
chest. large nodule at the right lung base that probably represents a granuloma although not it is not densely calcified. a low kv p chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the xxxx. if the patient has an outside chest radiograph comparison can be xxxx and the report addended. ribs. normal. critical result notification documented through primordial. if there are questions regarding this interpretation please xxxx xxxx. chest. heart size is normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. there is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. there are probably right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. lungs otherwise are clear. there is no pleural effusion. left ribs. no fracture or focal bony destruction.
lumbar spine. no fractures. no dislocations. disc spaces are normal. no degenerative disease. clips in the gallbladder region. thoracic spine. no xxxx fractures or dislocations. no significant degenerative disease. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax.
low volume study without definite acute process. mild cardiomegaly. heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
hyperinflation consistent with copd. no acute pulmonary disease identified. the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe most xxxx represents the svc with rotated position. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute findings considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no lobar pneumonia cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish).
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
xxxx of left base atelectasis. otherwise clear. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scattered xxxx of left base atelectasis are noted. left xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
exam is technically limited by patient's body habitus. lung volumes are decreased. no evidence of acute airspace disease large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is stable.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no nodules masses effusions or pneumonia
heart size normal. emphysema. biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged
calcified granulomas. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
large right pleural effusion and patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. right costophrenic xxxx is blunted. in the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. the pulmonary xxxx are normal.
interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. left-sided chest xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study. the dominant nodulemass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis. heart size is enlarged. the aorta is unfolded. otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
bilateral calcified granulomas. no acute airspace disease. no effusions. heart size upper limits of normal. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. right lower lobe calcified granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
comparison xxxx xxxx. scoliosis as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
clear lungs. several bilateral healing rib fractures xxxx pathologic fracture. the lungs are clear. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are sclerotic lesions within the xxxx better visualized on the comparison xxxx scan. there are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. the appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
fracture deformity proximal right humerus. no pulmonary consolidation. fracture deformity proximal right humerus. hyperinflation lungs. no pulmonary consolidation. xxxx opacity left base compatible xxxx atelectasis or xxxx scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. prior chest surgery. costophrenic xxxx clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in xxxx and alignment.
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. no acute bone abnormality..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. elevation of the right xxxx diaphragm containing liver. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. normal heart size. elevated right hemidiaphragm with a nodular soft tissue contour containing liver. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. there is neurostimulator overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
stable mild cardiomegaly. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. xxxx xxxx opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. the posterior sulci are clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote xxxx. no displaced rib fractures on this chest examination.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. the cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote xxxx.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is a left ij approach central catheter. there is a xxxx noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. the tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette is stable. no edema. essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis no xxxx consolidation or pneumothorax. xxxx left pleural effusion. chronic left 6th rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph xxxxgranulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. there is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. this is markedly improved compared to prior exam
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
minimal bibasilar airspace disease. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable chest no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest with overlying xxxx xxxx or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view with correlate on lateral view. degenerative spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is upper limits of normal in size. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib concerning for acute fracture. recommend correlation with side of xxxx tenderness. no other fractures are xxxx identified. if there is high clinical concern recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented xxxx lucency through the posterior right 12th rib.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. old fusion of approximately t9-t1
concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. this can be further characterized with a xxxx of the chest. no confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
no active disease.
chest radiograph. stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in xxxx. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
bibasilar atelectasis. otherwise no acute abnormality heart size is normal. mild xxxx xxxx atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are right upper quadrant surgical clips perhaps from cholecystectomy.
normal chest xray. pa and lateral views. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. no effusions consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
chronic changes as described no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours coronary artery stent artifact xxxx xxxx and clips suggest cabg. mediastinal and hilar calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process. stable hyperinflation bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities right greater than left xxxx opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. no xxxx abnormal pulmonary opacities no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. osseous demineralization stable appearance of t9 and t12 xxxx fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of emphysema. lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are xxxx opacities in the lingula xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity xxxx subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. infiltrate is xxxx less xxxx but not entirely excluded. mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated. there are xxxx streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. xxxx b-lines are also noted. definite infiltrate is not excluded. there is no large effusion.
xxxx 9 xxxx left midlung nodule without xxxx benign calcification. ct of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. normal vascularity. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. critical results discussed xxxx. xxxx at the time of interpretation xxxx xxxx xxxx hours xxxx telephone.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no active cardiopulmonary disease.
persistent stable right basilar atelectasis. low lung volumes and patient rotation. given differences in technique heart size xxxx within normal limits. persistent right basilar opacity xxxx atelectasis. no suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
stable xxxx silhouette. no pneumothorax. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion. unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. mild osteopenia degenerative changes. no fractures.
heart size is normal. calcified right paratracheal lymph xxxx calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. no arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis.
no acute findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. small left pleural effusion. left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.
low volume study without definite acute process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. low lung volumes bibasilar opacities xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis. abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern nonspecific in appearance with xxxx differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease interstitial infiltrates pulmonary edema. right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits for technique sternotomy xxxx cabg clips artifact of aortic valve surgery.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. marrow pneumothorax focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions.
mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia. there is mild cardiomegaly. the transverse xxxx is calcified. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of obstructive lung disease. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions xxxx focal atelectasis and scarring. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms consistent with emphysema. there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx represents pleural thickening and scarring. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
xxxx opacity left lung base.. there is xxxx opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a right chest xxxx with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
stable chest. elevated left diaphragm. two bullets overlie the left chest. heart size normal. persistent 8 cm right midlung nodule without definite calcification. ct scan may be informative if patient is at high xxxx for lung cancer.
no acute abnormality. status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine.
moderate hiatal hernia. no definite pneumonia. lungs are relatively clear. heart size normal. unfolded aorta. moderate hiatal hernia. t-spine osteophytes and dish.
heart size normal. lungs clear. hiatal hernia. no effusion the or pneumothorax. no pneumonia
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes.
numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodulemass in the left lower lung. diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor. suggest clinical correlation and further imaging xxxx examination. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. the largest is noted in the left lower lobe posteriorly measuring approximately 0 cm. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities. if there is continued concern for occult fracture consider dedicated rib series. cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. multiple granulomas. no acute bony abnormalities.
no significant change in right pneumothorax or pleural fluid. mediastinal contours are normal. no significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid..
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
stable chest no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no acute chest findings. peripheral vascular disease. there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and xxxx cerclage xxxx appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
borderline cardiac enlargement. tortuous aorta. prominent hilar contours. worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung somewhat pleural based. a pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. a followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. if this area does not resolve further characterization with xxxx may be warranted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note xxxx of placement of a retention xxxx in the lower cervical spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. grossly clear left lung. the left lung is grossly clear. the right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. xxxx opacities are seen within the aerated right lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. no acute osseous abnormality. cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
stable bilateral hilar adenopathy. the left and right xxxx remain enlarged and unchanged. lungs are free of infiltrates. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear.
left knee. moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. calcified granulomas. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no evidence of active disease the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine ap technique. no edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. there is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae possibly t7 age-indeterminate. correlate for midthoracic tenderness. no displaced acute rib fractures are identified.
xxxx bilateral effusions. heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. mild blunting of the costophrenic xxxx bilaterally.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
mild chronic changes in the left lung base without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. there is no focal consolidation or significant effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted. the lungs are clear.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
no change. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. both lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected xxxx artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. old right rib fractures.
no active disease. heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
no acute pulmonary disease. no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
hyperinflated but clear lungs. lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. calcified mediastinal xxxx identified.
clear lungs. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation.  no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of  normal. thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic stable. old right clavicular fracture is again noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. correlate clinically for xxxx of infectionpneumonia. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no edema. normal heart size. mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no definite evidence of acute fracture.
core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. in addition focal lentiform hyperdensity along the xxxx aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs. there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. in addition there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is streaky xxxx opacity within the left lung base xxxx representing atelectasis. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is hyperinflation of the lungs.
cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is stable cardiomegaly. aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are multiple pleural calcifications xxxx representing prior asbestos exposure. these appear unchanged. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or xxxx focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size of the limits of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus.
stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. interval development of cardiomegaly. there's been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. these xxxx't contours are within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm elevation with xxxx xxxx density near the right costophrenic xxxx most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease changes of acute kyphotic deformity and of the thorax as described above the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. there are multiple xxxx fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. the patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. the pleural spaces appear clear. there is right-sided chest xxxx the distal tip in the upper right atrium. mediastinal contours appear normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity. status post midline sternotomy with intact xxxx xxxx. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal lung vascularity. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal. multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. these most xxxx represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film xxxx demonstrate these are probably calcified.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis. the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease andor atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also xxxx streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. minimal left basilar atelectasis. bilateral pulmonary nodules. these were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection but could represent neoplastic process. correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. further evaluation xxxx of the thorax could be performed if clinically indicated. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax. there is minimal left basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung xxxx. these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
right lower lobe infiltrate. in the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. consider followup pa and lateral chest x-xxxx in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass. postop changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly. there is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is stable enlargement of the heart. no focus of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
cardiomegaly. no acute findings. the heart is enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
small right upper lobe nodule stable. otherwise no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
stable appearing hyperinflated chest. postop changes mediastinum as before. no suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
tortuous thoracic aorta. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
clear lungs. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. there are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous xxxxct. findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. interval cabg. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
small left pleural effusion. stable mild cardiomegaly. stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
xxxx change copd. chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. pulmonary arterial hypertension. lungs remain hyperexpanded. no change in the right middle lobe opacification. no xxxx infiltrates or masses. pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
copd and small left basilar scar. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. a small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic xxxx region. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.
no focal airspace consolidation. mildly hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of obstructive lung disease. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity large effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly intact. interval removal of right picc. persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration clinical correlation recommended moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. normal x-xxxx of chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. emphysema. evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. xxxx are chronic coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung xxxx reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical xxxx. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted.
mild stable cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation xxxx edema. the heart is mild enlarged. central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. there are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. recommend follow pa and lateral radiograph xxxx xxxx or ct thorax for further evaluation. bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable mild heart enlargement.prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. it is increased from most recent prior exam on xxxx. however it appears similar compared to xxxx exams performed in xxxx. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. focal opacity in the left upper lobe xxxx represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
continued innumerable bilateral small lung nodules. no change. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis is present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
suspected cardiomegaly less xxxx pericardial effusion. prior comparison studies would be helpful. low lung volumes. no evidence of focal airspace disease. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are xxxx accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm however cardiomegaly or less xxxx pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; xxxx recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule. xxxx level veriphy message was sent xxxx. xxxx regarding possible lung nodules at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
hyperexpanded lungs. the pattern suggests emphysema. no evidence of acute disease. the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. bilateral upper lobe xxxx fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. granulomas are seen within the right lung. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis andor airspace disease left greater than right. the heart size is within normal limits. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx bilaterally. there are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.
bilateral enlargement of the xxxx xxxx lymphadenopathy. consider correlation with a xxxx of the chest. sarcoidosis would be a consideration less xxxx lymphoproliferative xxxxlymphoma.
minimal atelectasis platelike in the right upper lobe. heart size upper limits normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine.
streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.
no focal air space consolidation. nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. xxxx chest may provide further evaluation if warranted. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right perihilarmidlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral xxxx fracture.
low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar xxxx. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
ap lateral view soft tissue neck. no subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue xxxx. slight rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is xxxx normal in size and caliber. pa and lateral views of the chest. no acute pulmonary findings.
no acute pulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. minimal blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
findings of copd. no acute findings. lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. bilateral effusions andor atelectasis right worse than left. the heart size is enlarged. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. calcification is seen within the aortic xxxx. xxxx interstitial opacities. there are no nodules or masses. stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. no visible pneumothorax. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting left worse than right. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
cardiomegaly without heart failure. minimal xxxx left basilar scarringatelectasis. enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. xxxx left base density. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx are demonstrated. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. dilated tortuous calcified aortic xxxx. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most xxxx represents calcified granulomas. no nodules or masses. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. review of xxxx-ct demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs.
tortuous aorta otherwise unremarkable exam. the heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. ribs. no displaced rib fractures or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal.
chest. no active disease. lumbar spine negative. chest. both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. xxxx disc spaces and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal.
dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute bony abnormalities. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
prominent transverse aorta. otherwise clear. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. azygos lobe is noted. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes noted in the spine.
no evidence of active disease. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. small left pleural effusion. left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.
some xxxx opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasisscarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobelingula on lateral view. overall well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no evidence of pneumonia or aspiration suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery the lungs appear clear. no evidence of focal pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. in the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
borderline heart size. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no focal lung consolidation. no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. left lower lobe xxxx density xxxx representing atelectasis. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. no nodules masses or adenopathy. calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph xxxx unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion focal airspace consolidation.
no acute findings. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax.
no active disease. lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
elevated left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. central venous catheter is again noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
mild cardiomegaly without heart failure. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute pulmonary findings. borderline cardiomegaly. midline sternotomy xxxx. enlarged pulmonary arteries. clear lungs. inferior xxxx xxxx xxxx.
lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are low lung volumes.
comparison xxxx xxxx bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar xxxx scarring as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest.
no acute abnormality. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.
generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm. question concomitant left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized lung volumes. no definite pleural effusions. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung. there is raises concern for pneumonia. recommend followup after appropriate treatment to document complete resolution. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the pa view. this is not well-demonstrated on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia. the left hilum is retracted superiorly. in the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. additionally pleural thickening is present in the left apex. no infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. heart size is normal. these findings are similar to the previous outside examination.
heart size is top normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. there are no focal infiltrates pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lower anterior cervical spine fusion xxxx.
scarring at the lateral costophrenic xxxx. otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx xxxx represents scarring. no pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
heart size at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
clear lungs. no discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. no active pulmonary disease.
stable left lower lung interstitial infiltrates or fibrosis. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. no xxxx focal alveolar opacities. low lung volumes. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous xxxx calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is hyperinflation. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
heart size normal and lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
stable mild cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality. there is mild cardiomegaly similar to prior exams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities.
no active tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
chest. continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. right shoulder. scapular fracture. clavicle. acromioclavicular separation. chest. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an interim xxxx cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated.
no acute abnormality identified. there are lower lung volumes. there is central bronchovascular crowding. volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on xxxx is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. considering the associated degenerative changes a large geode is most xxxx. if further imaging is desired dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. there are advanced degenerative changes in the xxxx bilaterally. there is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1a margins.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. there is again a pleural based density in the right lung base xxxx related to subpleural fat. the appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. markedly limited exam without significant interval change from xxxx. there is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. the lungs are chronically hypoinflated. there is xxxx visualization of the hemidiaphragms which may be due to basilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. overall the appearance is similar to the prior study from xxxx. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. minimal bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few xxxx opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.
bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities xxxx from old xxxx. xxxx of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema. moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy xxxx noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. old fractures seen the left 9th rib.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a right chest xxxx with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. scattered thoracic spine spurring.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
improving bilateral interstitial edema pattern. small right-sided pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. there is minimal right-sided pleural effusion. heart silhouette is not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. there is no pneumothorax
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no nodular masses. ct scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute abnormality demonstrated. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
heart size upper limits normal. sternotomy. right-sided aortic xxxx. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions pneumonia nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there is no acute displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable.
prominent interstitial markings xxxx represent xxxx bronchiolitis. no focal areas of consolidation. prominent interstitial markings. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
lungs clear. heart size normal. flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine xxxx dish.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
unremarkable 2 views of the chest. normal cardiac size. normal pulmonary vasculature. no airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. negative for acute osseous deformity. the thoracic spine has a normal appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour.
no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. no active airspace diseaseinfiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified granuloma right upper lobe.
limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no definite pleural effusion consolidation or pneumothorax identified. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomegaly. cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. levocurvature of the thoracic spine. lumbar vertebral body stabilization xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size near top normal limits stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant.
patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most xxxx represents patient's nipple recommend nipple xxxx films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the xxxx room for the nipple xxxx film
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
mild streakiness subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe. there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. mild hyperinflation. limited exam as the left costophrenic xxxx is excluded from the pa view. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. mild lung hyperinflation. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. no visible acute fracture. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
left upper lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in 8-12 weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable lingular nodule presumably granuloma . no pleural effusion pneumothorax or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
no acute findings stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal and hilar contours surgical clips and cabg markers. stable xxxx densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. no acute osseous findings.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are right upper quadrant surgical clips perhaps from cholecystectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. xxxx-a-xxxx xxxx has its tip at the caval atrial junction.
diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion. mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. increased interstitial opacities.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
posterior airspace opacity consistent with developing infection. midline sternotomy xxxx identified. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no evidence of active disease. the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right.
interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. there has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse xxxx. xxxx airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
no acute abnormality. ap view was obtained due to patient condition. low volume lungs. no focal lung consolidation. the heart is not enlarged. no pleural effusion.
no focal infiltrate. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. compared to prior examination from xxxx there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. left basilar opacity xxxx represents chronic fibrosisscar. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
left knee. moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes. bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. postsurgical changes of the chest including cabg procedure stable. stable valve artifact. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no large pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. nodular right lower lobe opacity xxxx nipple xxxx. contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted stable.
negative chest radiographs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. probable old lateral right rib fractures.
slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs.
stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. cardiomegaly without heart failure. nasogastric tube tip xxxx within the stomach body stable. low lung volumes. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable xxxx foreign body over the left breast (xxxx nipple piercing). visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
cardiomegaly. clear lungs. cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
xxxx left upper lobe infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.
right upper lobe pneumonia. right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient's history. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size borderline enlarged mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx xxxx xxxx noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no pneumothorax. similar appearance. minimal xxxx opacities at the posterior sulci. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. otherwise the lungs are clear with granulomas and xxxx sulci. heart size upper normal thin lv contour.unfolded calcified aorta. t-spine small osteophytes.
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in the right atrium. there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. in the right lung there is a 9 x 1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. there is a 0 x 2 cm nodule xxxx above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. there is a 0 x 1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view. if not already performed contrast-enhanced xxxx would be xxxx suited to evaluate these findings. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. to the stomach contours appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are left-sided axillary clips. there is a right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in right atrium.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
copd and probable right basilar scarring. no acute pulmonary disease identified. there is hyperinflation. there is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. xxxx sternotomy changes are again noted. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities normal cardiac contour. stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the pleural spaces are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the right upper extremity picc tip is in the upper svc. surgical clips in the right upper abdomen.
low volume study without acute process. mild cardiomegaly. heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
low lung volumes with crowding. mild left base atelectasis. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. there are low lung volumes on the frontal view which accentuates heart size and lung markings. the heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. mediastinum normal width. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is left lung base atelectasis on frontal xxxx xxxx secondary to low volumes. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
right middle lobe airspace disease which could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx on the frontal view. there is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac xxxx. airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to no pleural effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
large right pleural effusion and patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. right costophrenic xxxx is blunted. in the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. the pulmonary xxxx are normal.
prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. clinical correlation is recommended. mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute process. normal heart size. clear lungs. multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction.
stable mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is stable mild cardiac enlargement. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. calcified granulomas in bilateral xxxx and overlying the t9 vertebral body(lateral view). no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. this may be related to xxxx xxxx however if there is no known history consider comparison with prior studies if available xxxx of the chest for further evaluation the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.
moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. there is a moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. there is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. left lung is clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute preoperative process. the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx scarring left base. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
negative for acute abnormality. discrete xxxx projectile not seen. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. no discrete xxxx projectile visualized. contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. contrast also probably within the left colon.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable xxxx silhouette. no pneumothorax. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion. unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. mild osteopenia degenerative changes. no fractures.
right-sided perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and infracarinal calcified lymph xxxx. these xxxx represent previous granulomatous disease. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
right upper lobe lung nodules. recommend xxxx. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. there are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
heart size normal. right lung clear. persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours mediastinal surgical clips mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. improved lung volumes xxxx left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. consider ct for further evaluation if clinically indicated. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
cardiomegaly. no effusions or edema. clear chest
emphysema. recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs. there is hyperexpansion. the heart size is normal. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the xxxx ct. no focal infiltrates
clear lungs. mildly blunted right costophrenic xxxx without definite pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx without definite pleural effusion.
copd. there is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are bilateral breast prostheses.
there is a left basilar airspace opacity which is concerning for pneumonia. right basilar atelectasis. there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute pulmonary disease. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the included osseous structures are grossly intact.
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. emphysematous changes. focal pleural thickening in the left apex is xxxx scarring. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there is no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus infiltrate. there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings.
heart size normal. tortuous dilated aorta. minimal basilar infiltrate left base
cardiomegaly. no effusions or edema. clear chest
no acute xxxx related findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging if clinically indicated. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1 cm of apical opacity scarring versus nodule. a noncontrast xxxx is indicated for further characterization. critical result notification documented through primordial. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. there is minimal left basilar xxxx opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. given differences in patient rotation heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered xxxx deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. a tortuous calcified thoracic aorta is present. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
interstitial markings bilaterally pulmonary fibrosis unchanged. redemonstration of interstitial opacities consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum and in the pretracheal region. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation right greater than left xxxx representing pneumonia.. followup imaging to document resolution is recommended. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is dextrocurvature within the spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. this most xxxx due to old histoplasmosis. heart size is normal. lungs clear
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. stable left subclavian chest xxxx catheter tip in mid svc. lungs are well expanded. calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild xxxx loss of t4 and t7 vertebral bodies.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. if none are available consider nonemergent xxxx chest for further characterization. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. no visible fractures. no visible cardiopulmonary injury.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. there are calcified right hilar granulomas. there is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
vague density in right xxxx xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral exam.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. small left pleural effusion appears unchanged. there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to xxxx. there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous xxxx xxxx which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized xxxx are unremarkable in appearance.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination. overall low lung volumes. lungs are grossly clear. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. this appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
probable mild cardiomegaly without evidence of acute failure. no focal airspace disease. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the xxxx study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report. xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained xxxxxxxx. the lung volumes are low normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
no acute findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute pulmonary disease. no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
no finding suggestive of active disease. no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary findings. normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis.
postsurgical changes of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. t-spine degenerative changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no suspicious masses or nodules. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no masses or suspicious nodules. xxxx are unremarkable.
the heart size is top normal cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
minimal bibasilar airspace disease. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
cardiomegaly but no focal consolidation. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. otherwise there is no focal opacity. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
normal chest exam. clear lungs. normal heart mediastinum. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. nipple ring on left.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size within normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
exam is technically limited by patient's body habitus. lung volumes are decreased. no evidence of acute airspace disease large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is stable.
right subclavian catheter distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. low lung volumes with left lower lung atelectasis. right subclavian catheter distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact.
there are 2 xxxx masses within the right chest largest over the right heart xxxx measuring up to 8 x 4 cm. the appearance is concerning for metastatic disease given the history of right-sided breast cancer.
stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities xxxx represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours. lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. diaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis.
copd. no acute pulmonary disease. there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are normal.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified.
retrocardiac soft tissue density. the appearance suggests hiatal hernia. xxxx left base bandlike opacity. the appearance suggests atelectasis. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. there appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. vascular calcification is noted. calcified granuloma is seen. there has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. this may represent atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. osteopenia is present in the spine.
right subclavian catheter distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. low lung volumes with left lower lung atelectasis. right subclavian catheter distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease xxxx atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact.
bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement. followup chest x-xxxx versus further imaging xxxx may be indicated. correlation with prior films would be helpful if available. the heart is normal in size. there is bihilar prominence. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
interstitial markings bilaterally pulmonary fibrosis unchanged. redemonstration of interstitial opacities consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum and in the pretracheal region. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact.
small left basilar parenchymal scarring andor effusion. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph. postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. there is tortuosity andor ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. no consolidative airspace opacities. blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. no demonstrable pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
low lung volumes no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine no xxxx deformity.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. clear lungs. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity pneumothorax or effusion. there are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. calcified granulomas. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. lung volumes remain xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in both lower lobes. old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. normal heart size. normal mediastinal contour. no pneumothorax airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no chest xxxx xxxx. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
heart normal. lungs clear. calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
heart size normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. calcified right and left hilar lymph xxxx. there is minimal interstitial nodular opacities in the right and left midlung. this could be consistent with sarcoidosis. the small nodular opacities were present on the old ct scan from xxxx
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
probable copd and old granulomatous disease. some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
persistent and biapical opacities. no acute pulmonary disease identified. there is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. the heart and mediastinum are normal. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.
postoperative left upper lobe. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes xxxx representing airspace disease or edema. there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. there is an embolization xxxx overlying left upper quadrant.
moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion. the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary xxxx suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the right-sided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic xxxx blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
prior sternotomy. midline sternotomy xxxx. normal heart size. vascular congestion. no overt edema or lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion.
no active cardiopulmonary disease.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma
stable appearance of the chest. no acute process. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx identified. the heart is within normal limits in size. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. decreased from prior radiograph. stable mild cardiomegaly. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia. the heart is slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. no infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute right pulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the right lung is clear. there is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
no evidence of active disease. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc. no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size upper limits of normal. grossly clear lungs with no effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. tips stent incidentally noted.
small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis. there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right. there is no pneumothorax. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute preoperative findings. the cardiac contours are normal. mild atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. emphysematous changes. focal pleural thickening in the left apex is xxxx scarring. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there is no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary process identified. specifically no radiographic evidence of aspiration. stable emphysematous changes right costophrenic xxxx pleural thickening and bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion identified. stable blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx due to pleural thickeningsclerosis. redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomaslymph xxxx. changes in the lungs consistent with copdemphysema. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior ct.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left midlung 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. no effusions. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia. no bony abnormalities. status post left shoulder replacement.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
lines and tubes as above. moderate-to-large left pleural effusion with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. there is blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proximal svc.
no acute findings heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear hyperaerated lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. xxxx substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity.
no acute changes from prior imaging. 2 images. moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change calcified aorticopulmonary xxxx node.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified mediastinal xxxx. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size normal. right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
negative chest. heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
after further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity xxxx reflecting pneumonia. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no focal opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. scattered calcified granulomas. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
right upper lobe pneumonia. consideration may be given for followup chest x-xxxx following appropriate therapy. the patient is rotated to left. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. xxxx lucency along the left ventricular xxxx xxxx related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. patchy right perihilarupper lobe opacities which abut the xxxx fissure on lateral projection. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. no definite acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. interval placement of left-sided picc line with tip xxxx in the innominate vein. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. left-sided picc line has been placed in the interval with tip xxxx in the innominate vein.
borderline heart size no acute pulmonary findings heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.
[&lt;the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. no acute lung infiltrates. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute pulmonary disease. no evidence for apical mass. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable.
hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal airspace opacities pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a calcific density in the left midlung zone xxxx represents old granulomatous disease. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
hyperexpanded lung xxxx compatible with copd. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified granulomas. calcified hilar xxxx. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. question large pulmonary arteries. lung xxxx are hyperexpanded. prominent substernal air space. aortic calcifications. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. interval removal of left-sided chest tube. small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam now measuring approximately 9 cm from the thoracic apex. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart is at the upper limits of normal size. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal pulmonary vascularity.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. the heart is large and the pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
compared to xxxx there is a xxxx left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated xxxx of xxxx. there is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the abdomen.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. interval cabg. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
heart size is normal the lungs are clear
stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is enlarged stable compared to the previous exam. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
comparison xxxx xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given ap projection. the right lung appears clear. there is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a partially visualized ivc xxxx on the lateral view. there are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure.
xxxx right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. in the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition on the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note xxxx of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension the heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
approximately 8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. this is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. a ct of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. critical result notification documented through primordial. there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one xxxx margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are t-spine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx there
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable mild cardiomegaly. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. heart is mildly enlarged stable. mediastinal contour is normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
patchy left lower lobe infiltrate and focal atelectasis consistent with pneumonitis. a strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. right lung is clear. heart size remains normal.
stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. small bilateral pleural effusions. changes post bilateral thoracotomy and xxxx sternotomy. intact xxxx xxxx. stable position of the epicardial xxxx xxxx. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions.
comparison xxxx xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no active disease. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung xxxx are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
ap lateral view soft tissue neck. no subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue xxxx. slight rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is xxxx normal in size and caliber. pa and lateral views of the chest. no acute pulmonary findings.
no acute disease. retrocardiac density xxxx corresponding to known hiatal hernia. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. there is retrocardiac density which xxxx corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted..
no acute pulmonary findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right lung base granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
bibasilar airspace disease greater on the right either atelectasis or infiltrate. platelike right midlung atelectasis. there is mild cardiomegaly. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease either atelectasis or infiltrate. no pneumothorax.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. decreased from prior radiograph. stable mild cardiomegaly. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. again seen is xxxx paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiac silhouette within normal limits. central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs.
stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. prominent interstitium possibly due to mild volume overload. stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. increased interstitial lung markings are seen possibly due to volume overload. there is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. no xxxx focal consolidation or pneumothorax. stable tunneled dialysis catheter. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. no lobar consolidation pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. not xxxx showing benign type calcification consider followup xxxx of the chest for characterization.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable appearing chest. no acute airspace disease or effusions. stable mediastinal contour. small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic xxxx xxxx a calcified granuloma was visible on chest x-xxxx from xxxx. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
asymmetric left suprahilar opacity consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy. correlate clinically as to xxxx or symptoms of infection. recommend followup radiograph to document resolution. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. no discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. a xxxx density overlying the left costophrenic xxxx is xxxx due to overlying soft tissues. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits.. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
pa and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. the lungs appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there is no pneumothorax. pleural spaces are clear. there is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. findings could represent resolving histoplasmosis infection sarcoidosis or malignancy xxxx as lymphoma or primary lung cancer. recommend contrast-enhanced chest ct for further evaluation.
heart normal. lungs clear. upper lobe xxxx and emphysema.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion nodules adenopathy or masses.
heart size normal. lungs clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. no change from prior exam
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary disease. left-sided xxxxicd device and leads are stable. stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. these findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease. stable mild left-sided volume loss. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly question small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes. stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. xxxx right apical nodule. further evaluation xxxx chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. chronic findings as discussed below. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a xxxx 10 xxxx nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered xxxx densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. left hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
hypoinflation without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. the aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. no definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. there is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. low lung volumes. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in xxxx.
heart size is normal. multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. these most xxxx represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film xxxx demonstrate these are probably calcified.
streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
small right pleural effusion. increased. no pneumothorax is seen. scattered xxxx of right base atelectasis. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. no pneumothorax is identified. some scattered xxxx of right base atelectasis are seen. surgical xxxx remain in xxxx. the left lung appears clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-xxxx. no pneumothorax. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. a few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
xxxx left lower lobe nodule. the differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass. ct may be of further xxxx. in the interval a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. it is not calcified. no other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. xxxx are normal.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of disease recurrence. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable.
no active cardiopulmonary disease. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. this is xxxx related to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support. xxxx postoperative changes from the spinal xxxx placement. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. the lungs are clear bilaterally. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
heart size or great lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end.
low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no acute abnormality. there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. middle lobe calcified granulomas. normal xxxx.
stable changes of copd. there is interstitial thickening bilaterally more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperexpansion. no xxxx infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes. increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
copd and old granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation. calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection. the heart is normal. arthritic changes the spine are seen.
stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities. the heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. skin xxxx have been removed since prior study study. the left apical pneumothorax has resolved. there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. the right lung is grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation.
evidence of previous granulomatous infection. bibasilar bandlike opacities. the appearance xxxx atelectasisscar. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis.
borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. elevated right diaphragm. prominent hilar contours bilaterally. no acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable appearance of the left-sided xxxx without acute complicating features. stable appearance of the left axillary xxxx. no pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. xxxx scarring or atelectasis right midlung. mild cardiomegaly. mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. xxxx scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease stable postsurgical changes. heart xxxx mediastinum and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
severe emphysema. irregular pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. this may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring however recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging if available to determine long-term stability. if none are available recommend short-term xxxx in 3 to 4 months. evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. these were not xxxx available at the outside institution. malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images. lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild xxxx scarring andor atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. there are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. there degenerative changes of the spine. there is an ivc xxxx identified.
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities. there is stable mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. stable mediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. scattered xxxx opacities in the right lung base xxxx representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with dish.
normal chest. heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear. the bony thorax is grossly intact.
prominent mediastinum. may be due to mediastinal fat. comparison films if available would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. elevated right diaphragm unchanged
no acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process. cannot exclude small pleural effusions. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. the inferior posterior sulcus is excluded.
low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. stable chest. the heart is normal in size and contour. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the lung volumes are low. there is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.
heart upper limits normal. lungs clear
no active disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
large left hydropneumothorax with complete collapse of the left lung. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. emphysema and atherosclerosis. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. trachea is midline.
significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above. compared to prior examination there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung which may represent mild residual airspace disease atelectasis or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations pneumothorax or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no xxxx deformities. emphysematous changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
mild cardiomegaly. there are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
xxxx left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. stable heart size moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. clear right lung.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. this is essentially unchanged. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable. a few calcified granulomata are noted. no focal infiltrates are seen. no obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. osseous structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no evidence of active disease. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. associated right pleural effusion. in the interval consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic xxxx blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal.
no acute abnormality identified. there are lower lung volumes. there is central bronchovascular crowding. volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on xxxx is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
small right upper lobe nodule stable. otherwise no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
stable chest radiograph with no acute or progressive abnormality. there is no suggestion of enlargement of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or xxxx pulmonary nodularity. no interval change is found in the bony thorax. the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule xxxx on the ct scan. no xxxx pulmonary nodule is found.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no effusions.
no acute abnormality. status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically no radiographically apparent etiology for hemoptysis. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
right sided pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung xxxx. no pneumothorax.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. a calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is normal. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal air space opacities. mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis xxxx postinfectiouspostinflammatory. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart xxxx. this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute findings see above. moderate cardiomegaly. prominent vascular pedicleupper mediastinal contour. mild central vascular congestion. no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung. heart size within normal limits. there is focal left lateral base airspace disease. there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. this is not seen on the comparison. correlate clinically with history of fracture.
findings suggestive of emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no focal airspace consolidation. emphysema. stable biapical opacities possibly scarring. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are biapical opacities stable from the prior study. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. normal pulmonary vascularity.
stable retrocardiac airspace opacity. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable retrocardiac airspace opacity.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours. lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. diaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. clear lungs. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
comparison xxxx xxxx hyperexpansion and changes of copd as before. calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. lungs are overall clear. mediastinal contour stable. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous examination..
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings stable borderline cardiomegaly stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation. rotated position considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits. no definite pleural effusion seen left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax.
chest. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. left ankle. soft tissue edema with no visible bony injury. chest. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue xxxx is present around the malleoli. xxxx intact. mortise radiographically stable.
borderline cardiomegaly mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is no pulmonary nodule identified. there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated.
normal chest exam. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
clear lungs. the lungs are clear. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable aneurysmal enlargement of the xxxx and descending aorta. chest cta could be obtained as a xxxx. borderline heart size. no acute pulmonary disease process. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. tortuous ectatic aorta. the aortic xxxx is near 5 cm in diameter. there is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. there is biapical scarring. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. xxxx spine spondylitic changes.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. no effusions. stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right knee: severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. left knee: severe medial compartment degenerative changes. the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee: there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee: there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the xxxx of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute abnormalities are seen. the cardiac silhouette mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. there is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic xxxx are excluded.
unchanged cardiomegaly. question xxxx pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation. mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent small effusions. no pneumothorax is present. there is moderate cardiomegaly. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. stable right paratracheal prominence consistent with known calcified lymph node seen on prior ct chest dated xxxx. xxxx are unremarkable.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
pathologic fractures seen at t5 and lleft venous catheter in svc. left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. xxxx fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax. minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings which may represent some bronchiticbronchiolitis changes. no suspicious nodules pneumonia effusions or chf. stable mediastinal contour.
mild central vascular prominence xxxx congestion. heart size at the upper limits of normal. the cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. central vascular markings are mildly prominent. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. normal heart size. mild spondylosis.
stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothorax.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia. patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
limited study but no evidence for acute pulmonary disease. this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
chronic interstitial and bullous disease. no acute findings. lung volumes are low. prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. bullae are present both upper lobes right worse than left. no pleural air collections. heart size normal.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in xxxx with tip overlying the t9 vertebral body.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities xxxx represent interstitial edema. cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are normal limits. increased interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
xxxx 1 xxxx nodular density seen on the pa view only projecting in the right midlung. recommend noncontrasted enhanced xxxx for evaluation of this nodule. does this patient have known xxxx factors for malignancy? somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis there are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs. there is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior xxxx. to the pulmonary interstitium is not clear making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs. this may reflect xxxx parenchymal nodules. xxxx nodules were identified on the prior chest ct. mediastinal contours appear grossly normal. there are small calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. the heart and pulmonary xxxx otherwise appear normal. pleural spaces appear clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe most xxxx represents the svc with rotated position. xxxx are unremarkable.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. xxxx sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis. cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
clear lungs. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits.
cardiomegaly. clear lungs. cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of 3 images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is xxxx xxxx atelectasis. no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right infrahilar lymph xxxx again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion xxxx.
low lung volumes with no definite acute findings. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. heart size within normal limits bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. pneumoperitoneum attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal xxxx free xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
small right pleural effusion. increased. no pneumothorax is seen. scattered xxxx of right base atelectasis. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. no pneumothorax is identified. some scattered xxxx of right base atelectasis are seen. surgical xxxx remain in xxxx. the left lung appears clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours right chest xxxx tip in the low svc. monitoring device artifacts. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
cardiomegaly which appears xxxx from xxxx with probable mild pulmonary edema. there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx. the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical xxxx overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today's study. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no focal airspace consolidation. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs. the tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities stable from prior radiographs. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
patchy left lower lobe airspace disease concerning for pneumonia. right upper lobe opacity favoring scarring andor granulomas. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar andor granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
stable normal heart size. elevated right diaphragm. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both xxxx.
minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases. findings are nonspecific but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process. minimally increased xxxx airspace opacities bilaterally most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
appearance suggests emphysema. apical capping slightly greater at the left. recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest x-xxxx films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in xxxx. critical result notification documented through primordial. hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. xxxx unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction. this may be calcification. minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base. lung volumes are low. there is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on pa view. this may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. there is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. there is left-sided picc line the distal tip in the lower superior vena xxxx. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. these contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
right ij catheter tip in proximal right atrium. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline in size. the aorta is mildly tortuous. xxxx right ij catheter is in xxxx with tip in proximal right atriumcavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. lungs are grossly clear. there is no large effusion.
low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the xxxx of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. emphysema. bibasilar pleural scarring. no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute abnormality identified. 3 images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
unremarkable examination of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from xxxx. the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting are present.
decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. continued clear lungs. the mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute bony abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. there is right lower lobe scarring. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. granulomas present. no acute bony abnormalities.
status post left mastectomy. heart size normal. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. no focal lung consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral xxxx and lung parenchyma. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
senescent changes no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study
heart size normal. slightly tortuous aorta unchanged. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusions pneumonia or edema
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours. xxxx densities in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
small bilateral pleural effusions. prominent interstitial markings. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. normal heart size. catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. there is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease right greater than left.
stable right-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the svc. stable right suprahilar opacity compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. right-sided pneumothorax noted measuring approximately 8 cm from the the right apex. stable postsurgical changes left axilla. degenerative changes thoracic spine. stable streaky opacities right base. xxxx opacity right midlung question fluid level incompletely evaluated no recent xxxx for comparison.
minimal xxxx patchy airspace disease within the lingula may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. the lungs are well aerated. there is minimal patchy and xxxx air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. there are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. there degenerative changes of the spine. there is an ivc xxxx identified.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs. no effusion
heart size mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal x-xxxx of chest.
moderate right-sided pleural effusion. no cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. the airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on xxxx chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to ap view. left humerus fracture. rotated examination. tortuous aorta. moderate right-sided pleural effusion small left sided. no pneumothorax. mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture transverse with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph xxxx and scattered calcified granulomas. stable degenerative changes in the spine.
findings of copd with right costophrenic xxxx focal atelectasis. the lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the right costophrenic xxxx. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal x-xxxx of chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small t-spine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening unchanged from prior. mildly hyperexpanded lungs.
no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. xxxx chest radiograph is recommended if xxxx is not xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent xxxx on end or alternatively calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right chest xxxx tip in the low svc. right granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. recommend followup characterization with xxxx. 2 images. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. otherwise the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. critical result notification documented through primordial.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart failure with pulmonary edema. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities with xxxx b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci which may reflect xxxx effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx the grossly intact.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute thoracic xxxx. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures.
minimal left costophrenic xxxx airspace disease andor pleural effusion. minimal left costophrenic xxxx airspace disease andor pleural effusion. lungs are otherwise clear. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. there is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute displaced fractures. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. the patient is mildly rotated. no focal consolidations pneumothorax or pleural effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced fractures.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the aortic xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound. normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic xxxx. there is a bullet fragment overlying the left t7 vertebra. retained xxxx bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. the aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. there is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. there are severe degenerative changes of the xxxx.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contour. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infection inflammation aspiration stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal contours. increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases right greater than left. xxxx opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no definite pleural effusion seen.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial markings the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
status post mediastinal surgery. cardiomegaly. atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. lung volumes are reduced. suspicion for at xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no change. no active disease. the parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. no xxxx infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum are normal.
no significant change compared to prior. bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema. stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease not significantly xxxx compared to prior. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. this could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. xxxx chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. mild increased lung markings xxxx due to chronic changes. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.
xxxx opacities at the lateral left base. the appearance xxxx atelectasis. right central venous line has been removed. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is mild calcification of the transverse xxxx. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted.
stable right-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the svc. stable right suprahilar opacity compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. right-sided pneumothorax noted measuring approximately 8 cm from the the right apex. stable postsurgical changes left axilla. degenerative changes thoracic spine. stable streaky opacities right base. xxxx opacity right midlung question fluid level incompletely evaluated no recent xxxx for comparison.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
low lung volumes otherwise no definite acute findings. frontal view kyphotic and rotated low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx borderline enlarged.
cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. small bilateral pleural effusions. no visible pneumothorax. ap and lateral view of the chest.
no active pulmonary disease. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild xxxx xxxx curvature thoracolumbar junction.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old right-sided rib deformities are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. right lung is grossly clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated..
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity pneumothorax or effusion. there are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
increased size of density in the left cardiophrenic xxxx. primary differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat pericardial mass pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm. ct chest with contrast is recommended. these findings and recommendations were discussed xxxx. xxxx by dr. xxxx xxxx telephone at xxxx p.m. xxxxxxxx. dr. xxxx the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic xxxx. calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute findings. the heart size is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung xxxx. lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. the most recent study is not available for comparison. recommend further evaluation with xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is a 5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. there is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted with obscuration of aortic contour. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
the cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. the mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior xxxx xxxx. this appears unchanged. slightly xxxx inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. this is unchanged. osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. no pneumothorax or obvious pulmonary lesions seen.
stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. right chest xxxx in the svc. small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. streaky perihilar opacification xxxx a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. similar appearance to the prior study.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
no evidence of active tuberculosis. mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
heart size mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion focal airspace consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no active disease. specifically no radiographic evidence for tuberculosis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
minimal left basilar opacity most xxxx representing atelectasis or chronic scarring. there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator xxxx repair on the right.
old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph xxxx are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis. lung volumes are mildly decreased. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is bilateral lower lobe xxxx airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. left lung nodule. correlate with prior films if available. if none are available followup imaging in 6 months is suggested. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule seen in the left upper lung possibly granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no suspicious masses or nodules. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no masses or suspicious nodules. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
mildly improved xxxx xxxx opacities which may represent atelectasis infiltrate andor pleural effusions. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms slightly improved from prior exam.. right-sided rib fractures again noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
xxxx densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis abnormal opacity in the right base xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration question small right pleural effusion atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position overall heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema. xxxx densities in the left base small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx. biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. no pneumothorax seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. xxxx calcified granuloma in the right apex.
cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. right base opacity xxxx combination of pleural effusion and atelectasisairspace disease. cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. left lung relatively clear. limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. low lung volumes bilaterally. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatoustuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion is redemonstrated. patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. right base is clear. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. critical result notification documented through primordial. the heart size is mildly enlarged. the patient is post aortic valve replacement. the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
chronic lung changes without acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx. minimal xxxx densities left lung base. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
bibasilar opacities right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
clear lungs. several bilateral healing rib fractures xxxx pathologic fracture. the lungs are clear. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are sclerotic lesions within the xxxx better visualized on the comparison xxxx scan. there are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. the appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.
abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. or if clinical findings are not compatible with xxxx may be of xxxx. xxxx focal opacity in the medial right lung base xxxx seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size is normal. mildly tortuous aorta otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia pleural effusion or pneumothorax. couple of xxxx nodules in the left base are xxxx calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation moderate cardiomegaly. mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting and fissural thickening interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
moderate right-sided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. endotracheal tube at the level of the carina recommend retraction. there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. xxxx shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round xxxx bullet overlying the t10 vertebral body. xxxx density is seen within the right lower lobe xxxx representing hemorrhage. there is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. there is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal.
no xxxx suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. however given the presence of small nodules on the xxxx chest ct scan and patient history of prostate cancer recommend further evaluation with xxxx scan (unless already recently performed). there is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. no xxxx suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
clear lungs. enlarged left ventricle. a tortuous dilated aorta. no pneumonia
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left abdominal surgical clips. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally predominantly in the bases with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
soft tissue neck negative. chest. heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion. soft tissue neck. the airway is xxxx. no laryngeal edema. laryngeal xxxx intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. left xxxx xxxx noted with tip approximating the high svc stable. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. no focal pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. streaky perihilar opacities. peribronchial cuffing also noted. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.
cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and xxxx posterior pleural effusion. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. these lesions are xxxx and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema or could be further characterized with ct. cardiomegaly is present. there is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of xxxx b-lines. there is no pneumothorax. there is an oval 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. there is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. there is a xxxx posterior effusion. normal mediastinal silhouette. t-spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable prominence of the cardiac apex xxxx from ventricular hypertrophy. mid sternotomy xxxx again noted. no pneumothorax significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild spondylosis.
no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated. dextroscoliosis noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal chest radiograph. the central airway is midline and is xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no focal lung consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen. the osseous structures appear within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat xxxx is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the xxxx are unremarkable.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. the heart is large and the pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
xxxx atelectasis in the right lung base. elevated right hemidiaphragm. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. elevated right hemidiaphragm. xxxx atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate. followup evaluation in 2 weeks may be helpful. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly without heart failure. low lung findings. left retrocardiac opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. no focal consolidation is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. note is xxxx of an xxxx closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear clear. the osseous structures are within normal limits.
nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis scarring andor atelectasis. comparison with outside previous films may be useful. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.
cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infection inflammation aspiration stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal contours. increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases right greater than left. xxxx opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no definite pleural effusion seen.
hyperinflated appearing lungs as before with some stable slightly prominent appearing interstitial markings most xxxx representing mild chronic inflammatory change. stable biapical chronic inflammatory change with pleural thickening. no acute airspace disease effusions or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no evidence of active tuberculosis. xxxx left upper lobe opacities. the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits.
hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. impression: exam: chest 2v frontallateral date: xxxx xxxx xxxx pm comparison: ct chest xxxx history: shortness of breath findings: the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. impression: hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. right base opacity xxxx combination of pleural effusion and atelectasisairspace disease. cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. left lung relatively clear. limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumoperitoneum. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
left base focal atelectasis no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the there are xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung which are most xxxx dependent atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. aortic calcifications and tortuosity. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
minimal xxxx atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right xxxx fissure. minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic xxxx consistent with a small pleural effusion andor pleural scarring. cardiomegaly. no xxxx abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same xxxx again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right xxxx fissure. there is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic xxxx consistent with a small effusion andor pleural scarring. the lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. there is mild cardiomegaly. there are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute findings. cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for ap technique. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute displaced fractures are demonstrated.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. xxxx anchors xxxx over the left humeral head. there is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.
opacity xxxx representing left upper lobe pneumonia. recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass. there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
chest. right 4th rib fracture. no cardiopulmonary injury. no pleural air collection. right shoulder negative. right humerus negative. chest. a minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib the small amount of pleural fluid is xxxx deep to the fracture. no pleural air collection. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note xxxx of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. right shoulder. xxxx soft tissues and alignment are normal. right humerus. xxxx and soft tissues are intact.
heart size normal. slight tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear. no effusions or edema
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified xxxx opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema hematoma or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusions seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. clinical correlation is recommended. mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits.
heart size mildly enlarged for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. s-shaped spine curvature noted.
chest no acute cardiopulmonary findings. abdomen nonspecific bowel xxxx pattern without evidence of obstruction. chest. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. the right lung base is excluded from view. no visualized consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is unremarkable. abdomen. there are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. there is extensive stool xxxx seen throughout the descending colon. supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum. there is bilateral hip degenerative change.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly. the heart is enlarged. the left subclavian icd is again identified. there is again hilar enlargement xxxx superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. xxxx opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. calcifications are seen within the aortic xxxx. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate. heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. given differences in patient rotation heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered xxxx deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is moderately enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. there is a xxxx icd generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the expected location of the right atrium right ventricle and coronary sinus.
no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. these may be explained by overlapping structures xxxx chest would be useful for further evaluation. emphysematous changes. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcifications of the aortic xxxx. the lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. there is haziness in the right lung apex. there is a 7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view not identified on the lateral view. this may represent a vessel on end. there is no consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance xxxx compared to the previous examinations.
no acute findings. no evidence of pneumonia. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no active disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. no acute bone abnormality.
low lung volume study no acute pulmonary process. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is mild calcification of the aortic xxxx consistent with atherosclerosis. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. moderate degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.
no acute disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung. comparison examinations would be useful. if no comparison examinations exist xxxx would be helpful for further evaluation. there is a xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung posterior on the lateral view. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size top normal. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung xxxx heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
chronic lung disease without superimposed acute disease identified. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. there is persistent left basilar scarring. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
minimal atelectasis left base no acute abnormality. lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. xxxx density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact.
negative for acute abnormality. right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung xxxx compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette compatible with absence of right xxxx pulmonary artery as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia edema or effusions.
cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is stable cardiomegaly. aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are multiple pleural calcifications xxxx representing prior asbestos exposure. these appear unchanged. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or xxxx focal airspace consolidation.
soft tissue neck. small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. chest. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue xxxx. the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.
no acute pulmonary findings. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. left-sided aortic xxxx. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. central airways are xxxx. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structure are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present.
very low lung volumes bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits.
low lung volumes. no acute abnormality there is a right-sided chest xxxx identified whose distal tip projects over the svc. heart size is normal. low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are grossly clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal pulmonary vascularity. normal mediastinal and hilar contours. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
clear lungs. no discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. no active pulmonary disease.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the chest xxxx is in satisfactory position. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
decreased lung volumes. bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral xxxx xxxx be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the bilateral xxxx.
left picc in the mid svc. negative for pneumothorax. unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. normal heart size. normal mediastinal contour. no pneumothorax airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no chest xxxx xxxx. no acute bony abnormality.
slightly enlarged heart. no effusions. no edema. no nodules or masses. aortic xxxx calcification. aortic xxxx is normal size. lungs are clear.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no xxxx infiltrates noted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
stable chest radiograph with no acute or progressive abnormality. there is no suggestion of enlargement of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or xxxx pulmonary nodularity. no interval change is found in the bony thorax. the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule xxxx on the ct scan. no xxxx pulmonary nodule is found.
low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with xxxx xxxx hypoventilatory changes. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. no acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.
xxxx xxxx right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. no residual pneumothorax. small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation. xxxx xxxx right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. no definite residual pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes. no large pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bullous emphysematous changes. cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
clear lungs the lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits.
probable mild cardiomegaly without evidence of acute failure. no focal airspace disease. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the xxxx study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
bilateral pleural effusions right larger than left abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis differential diagnosis includes infection aspiration atypical distribution pulmonary edema bilateral pleural effusions left small right moderate in size abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins stable mediastinal contours.
no acute process. stable cardiomegaly. there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they're stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax.
comparison xxxx xxxx. anticipated senescent changes. no acute airspace disease or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous examination..
cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left. there is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. cardiac device overlies left chest leads intact tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable xxxx bilateral nodules are identified most of which appear calcified on xxxx examination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. xxxx lingular scarring andor atelectasis.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. stable elevation right hemidiaphragm compared to exam on xxxx. bilateral hilar lymph xxxx. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax. bibasilar atelectasis.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
stable cardiomegaly. no acute infiltrate or effusion. there is a xxxx in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior xxxx xxxx. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged similar to prior study. there is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable mild interstitial lung changes which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.
heart size is normal. stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. no nodules masses or adenopathy.
no acute process. borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
patchy left lower lobe airspace disease possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. there are xxxx opacities in the right mid lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable left chest cardiac xxxx generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. emphysema. stable calcified granulomas. bony structures appear intact.
13 - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency seen with certainty on pa view only projects over right midlung. uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. there is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of ap xxxx. these findings could be further evaluated xxxx if clinically indicated. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour normal limits. no effusions.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. bilateral breast prostheses with xxxx calcification.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lung volumes are low normal. there are no acute bony findings.
exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. considering technical factors heart size xxxx at xxxx mildly enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. hiatal hernia. the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
lucency in the left lateral clavicle near the acromioclavicular joint. metastatic disease is possible. clear lungs the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. xxxx density in the left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. the heart and xxxx very xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. there is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. metastatic disease cannot be excluded.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no stable cardiomegaly without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
tortuous aorta otherwise unremarkable exam. the heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
post operative chest with no acute disease. sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
chest. right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. healed remote left 9th rib fracture. right shoulder: negative for fracture or dislocation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute process. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute pulmonary disease. no gross evidence for rib fracture. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. the mediastinum is normal. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes.
heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia edema or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically no evidence of active tuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. wedge-shaped xxxx fracture of t1heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. again visualized is a wedge-shaped xxxx fracture of t1
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. this is essentially unchanged. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable. a few calcified granulomata are noted. no focal infiltrates are seen. no obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. osseous structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no fibrosis. no nodules or masses. please xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx to be followed up as per history
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
left lower lobe xxxx segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion
ill-defined opacity in the lingula. increased since the previous study. may represent increased atelectasis or scarring. the heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. this is increased since the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. mild xxxx deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
heart size is normal. 2 cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. no other nodules or masses. it is unchanged xxxx compared to a xxxx for the abdomen ct scan from xxxx. the xxxx 40% of the nodule is on the upper portion of the xxxx film.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis. the heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. there is no evidence of apical disease. xxxx are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.
post operative chest with no acute disease. sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process specifically no evidence of active tuberculosis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. there is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis.
very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are xxxx-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. the aorta is tortuous. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. healed left rib fractures again noted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. there is denser lumbar scoliosis.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged
mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size is upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body.
prominent hiatal hernia as before. anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. opacity seen xxxx on lateral xxxx xxxx involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. there may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. perhaps some slight progression but overall xxxx change since prior examination. on lateral view the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. no effusions or chf.
normal chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. no nodules masses or effusions
mildly hyperinflated clear lungs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. incidental note is xxxx of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. bilateral scapula appear unremarkable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
heart size normal. central catheter tip in upper svc. lungs are clear. degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies.
normal chest xray. pa and lateral views. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. no effusions consolidation or pneumothorax.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute displaced rib fractures identified.
no acute findings no evidence for active tb. heart size within normal limits. small nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this does not look like an acute infiltrate and more xxxx represents a granuloma. no pneumothorax or effusions.
limited study but no acute pulmonary disease identified. this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
emphysema. recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs. there is hyperexpansion. the heart size is normal. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the xxxx ct. no focal infiltrates
changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. xxxx opacity in the left xxxx xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
focal area of xxxx scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. no acute pulmonary process. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no edema focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. xxxx pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally.
cardiomegaly xxxx xxxx opacity in the left base xxxx atelectasis heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours. xxxx xxxx opacity in the left lung base. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. no evidence of active tuberculosis. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities xxxx representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis. heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. there is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic xxxx increased since comparison examination. a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. bibasilar airspace disease bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. there is stable cardiomegaly with xxxx pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no adenopathy is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable mild interstitial prominence. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc. no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted.
bony structures appear intact. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. borderline cardiomegaly. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs. normal heart. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. old right rib fractures.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal platelike atelectasis left base.
mild cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
clear lungs. prominent right paratracheal opacities xxxx representing adenopathy. the heart size is within normal limits. prominent right paratracheal soft tissues xxxx representing adenopathy. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. left knee: minimal degenerative changes however no acute bony abnormality. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. left knee: there is no fracture-dislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no active disease. calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. these are unchanged since the previous examination. both lungs are free of active infiltrates. heart size normal.
xxxx change copd with no acute findings. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no xxxx infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
stable nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. stable nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base may indicate focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no evidence of active disease. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen.
prominent mediastinum. may be due to mediastinal fat. comparison films if available would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is mild hyperinflation. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. cardiac xxxx generator overlies the left upper thorax with xxxx xxxx tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. tortuous aorta. prominent first ribs. no nodules masses or adenopathy.
improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. there is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. no pleural effusion is identified.
moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette. unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion. pulmonary vascular congestion. widened mediastinum. maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous xxxx. however adenopathy or mass is not excluded. ct of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings. there is widening of the mediastinum. there is moderate cardiomegaly identified. the central pulmonary xxxx appear enlarged. correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal infiltrate. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities seen only on the frontal xxxx xxxx atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an age-indeterminate xxxx fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.
prominent hiatal hernia as before. anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. opacity seen xxxx on lateral xxxx xxxx involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. there may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. perhaps some slight progression but overall xxxx change since prior examination. on lateral view the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. no effusions or chf.
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx xxxx opacity in left midlung. the lungs are clear.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. bilateral scapula appear unremarkable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy xxxx again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema focal lung consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
stable cardiomegaly. clear lungs. stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left basilar airspace opacity xxxx secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
cardiomegaly with mild vascular prominence. no change. cardiomegaly is present. this is unchanged. there is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged. no xxxx focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.
mild cardiomegaly. no overt edema. lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no cavitary lesions. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. no acute infiltrate. the heart is mildly enlarged. the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring andor subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. costophrenic xxxx are blunted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. minimal lingular scarring. overall well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
normal chest x-xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
low lung volumes. cardiomegaly. minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size normal. lungs clear. resolution of effusion seen on prior exam
increasing density in the superior segment xxxx the left lower lobe xxxx seen on lateral view consistent worsening of known tumor. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable right-sided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe xxxx seen on lateral view. no pneumothorax. severe degenerative disease of the xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. feeding tube tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction. feeding tube noted with tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
heart size is normal. right lung clear. there is a 3 cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. this could represent pneumonia or a tumor. recommend followup radiology until clear.
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are prominent epicardial fat pads unchanged from prior. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx. unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci xxxx represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.
no acute abnormality of the chest. right hilar prominence corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated xxxx abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx. consider xxxx of the chest for further evaluation. heart size within normal limits. prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy previously partially demonstrated xxxx abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. tips noted.
hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures.
comparison xxxx xxxx. xxxx right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening andor some loculated effusion accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis  airspace disease within the right lung base. round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is xxxx on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the xxxx fissure. some xxxx opacities compatible with scarringchronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. stable mediastinal contour.
apparent scarring within the lingula otherwise unremarkable. apparent scarring within the lingula. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute pulmonary disease. no displaced rib fracture visualized. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture visualized.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size upper limits of normal but stable. tortuous aorta. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
severe cardiomegaly. limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. recommend xxxx for further evaluation of mediastinum given tspine injury noted on cspine imaging. critical result notification documented through primordial. lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothorax. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture.
mild hypoinflation without acute disease. retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet xxxx within the pleural space. some mild right pleural thickening versus xxxx effusion. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour stable.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours mediastinal clips left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical.
mildly prominent interstitial markings which could represent interstitial edema. mild blunting of the posterior sulcus which could represent a small effusion. xxxx sternotomy xxxx appear intact. surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. mitral valve replacement seen. low lung volumes. the interstitial markings appear prominent which may represent interstitial edema. there is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view which could represent a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are without focal air space opacity. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.
no radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically no pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th 5th and 6th ribs age-indeterminate. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th 5th and 6th ribs age-indeterminate.
negative preoperative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal predominantly left ventricular contour (xxxx visualized on lateral projection) pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx is intact.
persistent cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease. the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no xxxx infiltrates. heart size remains large. tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. a right central line has its tip at the superior xxxx xxxx.
stable 1 cm right apical pneumothorax. minimal atelectasis left base. heart size normal
there is cardiomegaly. lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. there is central vascular congestion.
opacity xxxx representing left upper lobe pneumonia. recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass. there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits the typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine dextrocurvature noted.
increased opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. recommend chest ct for further evaluation. xxxx opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. there is xxxx increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no active disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions. bony structures are intact.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. probable previous granulomatous disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities xxxx calcified granulomas. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. no abnormal mediastinal widening. no edema. no focal consolidation. xxxx blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a xxxx right pleural effusion. no pneumothoraces. flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine.
minimal left basilar opacity most xxxx representing atelectasis or chronic scarring. there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator xxxx repair on the right.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
low lung volumes. opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
chest. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right elbow and forearm. no acute traumatic finding. left ankle. no acute traumatic finding. midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. xxxx unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue xxxx around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation.
low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic xxxx xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic xxxx are blunted xxxx corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is mild calcification of the transverse xxxx. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted.
normal exam. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body. fracture is possible if high energy xxxx was localized to this region. correlate with focal tenderness. xxxx chest if warranted. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickeningscarring. there is a xxxx like deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body (lateral view). negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia. the left hilum is retracted superiorly. in the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. additionally pleural thickening is present in the left apex. no infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. heart size is normal. these findings are similar to the previous outside examination.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
low lung volumes with mild crowding. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum without significant change. lung volumes are decreased with crowding. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
no pneumonia. heart size normal. scoliosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild s-shaped curvature of the thoracic spine. no displaced acute fractures are identified.
severe cardiomegaly. limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. recommend xxxx for further evaluation of mediastinum given tspine injury noted on cspine imaging. critical result notification documented through primordial. lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothorax. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
unremarkable examination of the chest.. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
mild cardiomegaly. mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. tortuosity of the descending aorta. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx xxxx from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
stable cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema. stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence worse in the right lung base. this has developed in the interval and may represent atypical pneumonia. more focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. no lobar consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
right paratracheal mass possibly lymphadenopathy. if there are no previous chest x-xxxx from elsewhere are xxxx scan with contrast xxxx be of further xxxx. dr. xxxx xxxx i discussed these findings in the xxxx department approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx. right paratracheal stripe is denser and xxxx than normal. the xxxx are normal. heart size normal. lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chronic-appearing xxxx opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. these contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no evidence of pneumonia or aspiration suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery the lungs appear clear. no evidence of focal pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. in the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx are demonstrated. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings apical lordotic frontal view. heart size within normal limits mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and xxxx xxxx widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.
continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.
changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus excavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung. there is raises concern for pneumonia. recommend followup after appropriate treatment to document complete resolution. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the pa view. this is not well-demonstrated on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
small 3 mm right-sided pneumothorax. small 3 mm right-sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion.
wide mediastinal xxxx consistent with history of aortic dissection. otherwise normal chest x-xxxx. the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is within normal limits. there is ectasiatortuosity of the thoracic aorta. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe stable since xxxx and may represent mitral annular calcifications. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thorax intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the left upper lobe. stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring volume loss and pleural thickening. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance similar to prior. volume loss in the left lung stable. right lung is clear. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild scarring at the right apex. no acute bony abnormality.
slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits for patient's age. no suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified.
mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations.
small calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. also small perihilar calcified lymph xxxx. lungs are clear. no active parenchymal disease. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no acute process. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
vague nodular opacity in the right lobe which could represent focal infiltrate or nodule. recommend followup to resolution. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is a vague 6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
slight cardiomegaly. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. no edema or effusions.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are no focal infiltrates. there is prominent epipericardial fat. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. clear lungs. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is stable xxxx scarring in the right upper lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. old rib fractures healed. stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum unchanged is xxxx due to hiatal hernia seen on xxxx examination.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
chronic changes as described no acute findings stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.
blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a xxxx effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
hypoventilated lungs but no focal consolidation. the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several xxxx xxxx. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
minimal right basilar airspace disease xxxx right middle lobe. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased xxxx opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease xxxx in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothorax or effusion identified.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy
no acute right pulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal exam normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. stable moderate cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. decreased left basilar airspace disease. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
cardiomegaly stable. lungs clear. no edema or effusions
no acute findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. no osseous abnormalities.
no acute preoperative findings. the cardiac contours are normal. mild atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms compatible with emphysema. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal platelike atelectasis left base.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. there is no opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.
no active disease. lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. possible xxxx right pleural effusion. the heart is enlarged. changes of xxxx sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. xxxx right pleural thickening versus xxxx pleural effusion is noted. there is no acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax is seen. mild granulomatous sequela are noted.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of 3 images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is xxxx xxxx atelectasis. no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right infrahilar lymph xxxx again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion xxxx.
hyperinflation consistent with copd. no acute pulmonary disease identified. the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. mild lung hyperinflation. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. xxxx right apical nodule. further evaluation xxxx chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. chronic findings as discussed below. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a xxxx 10 xxxx nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered xxxx densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
circumscribed structure in the ap xxxx could represent lymphadenopathy mass pulmonary arterial abnormality xxxx as aneurysm or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. as prior chest x-xxxx are not available online at this xxxx should be considered. normal heart size. there is a round density in the ap xxxx. xxxx study performed in xxxx is not available for review at this time. lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are clear hyperinflated. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax. minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. mild age-indeterminate wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal air is prominent consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. this is age-indeterminate.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. right middle lobe scarring as before. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
normal chest. heart and mediastinal contour normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no radiodense foreign bodies noted. no acute osseous findings.
picc catheter tip mid svc. heart size normal. lungs clear.
small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of xxxx. followup chest x-xxxx is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document xxxx. the heart is not enlarged. the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. lungs are otherwise well aerated.
patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly with interstitial prominence could represent mild interstitial edema atypical infection or chronic interstitial changes. mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. bilateral interstitial prominence. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the xxxx. tortuous aorta.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. there is hyperexpansion hyperlucency of both lungs as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. there is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis.
no acute abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
vague density in right xxxx xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral exam.
left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. interval followup to resolution is recommended. heart size appears upper limits of normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise normal mediastinum. confluent and xxxx opacities seen within the left base. there are no visible nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
chronic interstitial and bullous disease. no acute findings. lung volumes are low. prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. bullae are present both upper lobes right worse than left. no pleural air collections. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process. cannot exclude small pleural effusions. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. the inferior posterior sulcus is excluded.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
increased bilateral interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with mild interstitial edema. low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are unremarkable.
stable right-sided cardiac xxxx generator. interval placement of right internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the low svc. no evidence of pneumothorax. generalized low lung volumes. bibasilar and right midlung pulmonary opacities xxxx atelectatic changes. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette.
cardiomegaly without heart failure. low lung findings. left retrocardiac opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality.
xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions right larger than left. early interstitial show pulmonary edema. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. xxxx xxxx right and xxxx left pleural effusions. there is xxxx right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. xxxx b-lines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no evidence of active disease the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no active disease. a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic xxxx. lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. no overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased xxxx opacities on lateral projection xxxx reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies. calcified granulomas are noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. xxxx is minimal retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies.
no evidence of active disease. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no active pulmonary disease. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung most xxxx a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. mild aortic tortuosity. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. right lung is clear. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there is no acute displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there are calcifications in the aortic xxxx. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
probable small bilateral pleural effusions. possible lower thoracic xxxx deformity not well characterized on today's study. the lungs are clear. there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not grossly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic xxxx deformity that is not well-characterized. arthritic changes are seen.
ectatic aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. aorta is tortuous and ectatic. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. pleural effusions or pneumothorax. endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine.
comparison xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected xxxx artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal xxxx.
interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. there has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse xxxx. xxxx airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
xxxx densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis abnormal opacity in the right base xxxx due at xxxx in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration question small right pleural effusion atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position overall heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema. xxxx densities in the left base small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx. biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. no pneumothorax seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
clear lungs. prominent right paratracheal opacities xxxx representing adenopathy. the heart size is within normal limits. prominent right paratracheal soft tissues xxxx representing adenopathy. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia. the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. old right-sided rib fracture is noted.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vp shunt tubing is identified. the bony structures as visualized appear unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute abnormality. dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged. the heart size is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a xxxx right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified.
1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic xxxx on the lateral view which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. recommend followup with chest ct. heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic xxxx there is a 1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.
cardiomegaly aortic ectasiatortuosity cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia. radiographic attenuation obscures detail. grossly the lungs are clear and expanded. heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. this is most concerning for pneumonia. recommend follow up to ensure resolution. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe.
mild hypoinflation without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgicalbiopsy changes overlying the right breast.
no acute findings cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex as well as over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
bibasilar atelectasis. no pneumonia. there are xxxx opacities within both lung bases xxxx representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. possible copd but no acute pulmonary disease. on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were xxxx in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures appear normal.
low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease. calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. heart size is within normal limits. normal mediastinal contours. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the osseous structures are grossly intact.
xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung. comparison examinations would be useful. if no comparison examinations exist xxxx would be helpful for further evaluation. there is a xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung posterior on the lateral view. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size top normal. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
borderline enlarged heart. tortuousectatic thoracic aorta. fracture of the distal right clavicle better seen on today's radiograph of the shoulder. borderline enlarged heart. torturousectatic thoracic aorta. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes of the spine. there is fracture of distal right clavicle better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated xxxx. small round lucency in the distal left clavicle appears benign. degenerative changes of both xxxx joints.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. no effusions. stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. clear hyperaerated lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. xxxx substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mildly prominent perihilar opacities xxxx due to bronchovascular crowding. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is xxxx. the bony structures appear intact.
xxxx. xxxx patchy right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. lung volumes are low. in the interval a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
bibasilar atelectasis. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is bilateral basilar xxxx opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no displaced fractures. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures.
right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. there is prominence of the right heart xxxx consistent with right atrial enlargement. a xxxx density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 193
stable chest. no evidence for recurrence or metastasis. no change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. left parahilar scar is unchanged. no xxxx infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size remains normal.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. senescent changes of the spine are seen.
multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. chest abdomen and pelvis ct with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation. in the interval the interval there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal.
patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. pneumonia is in the differential. a followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process. patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest xxxx tip at svc.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothorax.
stable aicd with intact xxxx replacement. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there is redemonstration of an aicd with the left chest wall with stable intact xxxx placement. surgical cervical xxxx is redemonstrated. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. xxxx opacity in the left upper lobe xxxx atelectasis or scarring. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities.
central pulmonary vascular congestion without xxxx edema consolidation. xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. compared to prior chest radiograph from xxxx there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from xxxx. no xxxx nodules focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without xxxx pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. right lower lobe calcified granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild age indeterminate anterior wedging at the t11 level. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. no pulmonary vascular congestion. no xxxx edema. no focal consolidation. there is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body approximately t11 level.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
concern for left subphrenic free air. verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. left central venous catheter in unchanged position. interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the xxxx-of-view. there is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. there are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. no pneumothorax. heart size upper limits of normal. the left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower svc. the feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the xxxx-of-view.
normal chest. heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute or destructive bone abnormality.
no focal airspace consolidation. hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of emphysema. lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are xxxx opacities in the lingula xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
right lower lobe airspace disease. low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothorax. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and xxxx pulmonary opacities again noted most consistent with atelectasisinfiltrate. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable pulmonary vascular congestion. bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left xxxx. no evidence of pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. there is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. there is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx question hypertension.
moderate right-sided pleural effusion. no cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. the airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on xxxx chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to ap view. left humerus fracture. rotated examination. tortuous aorta. moderate right-sided pleural effusion small left sided. no pneumothorax. mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture transverse with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia.
emphysema however no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no significant change compared to prior. bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema. stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease not significantly xxxx compared to prior. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion. postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. old fusion of approximately t9-t1
chest. no active disease. left and right xxxx. bilateral degenerative joint disease left worse than right. chest. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left and right xxxx. osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. the right glenohumeral joint is normal but the left is narrowed. no fractures or bone destruction.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. no gross interval change from xxxx. the lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the xxxx similar to the prior study. there are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. there is no evidence of xxxx focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. there are intact midline sternotomy xxxx and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is mild scoliosis of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine.
right upper lobe cavity consistent with prior tuberculous infection. there is increased right upper lobe opacities xxxx compared to the prior study. this could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection. there is stable cavity in the right apex xxxx related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperexpansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. moderate cardiomegaly. bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable xxxx foreign body noted over the left chest. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic xxxx. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
recurrent right pneumothorax complete collapse of the right lung near 100%. right-to-left mediastinal shift is present suggesting xxxx physiology.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
mild cardiomegaly. densely calcified aorta. prominence of the pulmonary outflow and xxxx most xxxx indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. there is no overt edema. the right diaphragm is elevated there are small right and xxxx left pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea unchanged from comparison xxxx xxxx secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart size is top normal cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no infiltrates or atelectasis. gallbladder xxxx clips.
increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. interval removal of right chest tube no pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and xxxx right basilar atelectasis. left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. no xxxx focal consolidation or pneumothorax. there is a stable left picc with tip overlying the mid svc and large xxxx feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
no active disease. lungs remain clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute intrathoracic disease. portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette central airways pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.
borderline cardiomegaly mild aortic ectasiatortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
interval improvementresolution right patchy lateral base opacity. there is continued xxxx density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm . costophrenic xxxx blunting may persist but the left costophrenic xxxx is clipped from view. there is a right middle base calcific nodular density xxxx from old granulomatous disease. mild left apical pleural thickening. xxxx xxxx and valve xxxx. probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. thoracic spine dish.
no acute changes from prior imaging. heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. impression: exam: chest 2v frontallateral date: xxxx xxxx xxxx pm comparison: ct chest xxxx history: shortness of breath findings: the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. impression: hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
streaky left basilar airspace opacities which could reflect atelectasis andor infection. cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. lung volumes are slightly low. there are streaky left basal opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. no free air is demonstrated.
xxxx bullet fragments as described above. no evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. xxxx xxxx opacities in the lung bases. there are xxxx fragments overlying the posterior left chest right neck base and xxxx fragments in the left costophrenic xxxx. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical xxxx xxxx. this is unchanged 31 17 xxxx. the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance.
clear lungs no focal airspace consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is mild xxxx opacification over both xxxx xxxx secondary to soft tissue attenuation. there are no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
lung hyperexpansion. no focal air space disease. the lungs are hyperexpanded. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable chronic lung disease. heart size is unchanged. aortic calcification is noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. there are unchanged xxxx opacities throughout the lungs which xxxx represent scarring. lungs are hyperexpanded.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
basilar atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity probable atelectasis andor scarring. no pleural effusion.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
normal chest x-xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. visualized bony structures are normal.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. calcified aortic xxxx.
no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable prominence of the cardiac apex xxxx from ventricular hypertrophy. mid sternotomy xxxx again noted. no pneumothorax significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. technically limited exam. incidental note xxxx of large cervical spine osteophytes. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 4 cm right lower lobe nodule xxxx calcified granulomas disease. if patient high xxxx for pulmonary malignancy consider cross-sectional imaging to verify. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete 4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no adenopathy or effusion. stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior xxxx of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies seen on the lateral radiograph only. this most xxxx represents overlying degenerative spurring xxxx than metastasis.
no acute findings. stable midthoracic vertebral body xxxx fractures. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge xxxx deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute pulmonary disease. stable moderate hiatal hernia. there is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium. xxxx and fluid containing density seen adjacent to the heart is stable most consistent with a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there is stable tortuosity andor ectasia of the thoracic aorta with calcification of the aortic xxxx. no pleural effusion focal airspace disease or pneumothorax. stable exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine stable anterior wedge deformities of at xxxx 2 thoracic vertebral bodies at the apex of the kyphotic curvature. diffuse osteopenia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
heart size mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and xxxx reflects granuloma.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. clips overlie the right medial hilum.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable.
device compatible tracheostomy is in xxxx with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. a right humeral intramedullary xxxx is noted incidentally without evidence of xxxx complicating features.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
lumbar spine. no fractures. no dislocations. disc spaces are normal. no degenerative disease. clips in the gallbladder region. thoracic spine. no xxxx fractures or dislocations. no significant degenerative disease. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there is a left ij tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. the heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no edema. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen.
no acute abnormality. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.
malpositioned right picc line tip. now located in left innominate vein. xxxx ill-defined focal opacities. these may represent small areas of pneumonia. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right picc line is in xxxx. the tip has moved into the left innominate vein. there has been interval development of several ill-defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea unchanged from comparison xxxx xxxx secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. remote left clavicle fracture.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the xxxx are again noted bilaterally.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses.
persistent 8mm pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion. heart size normal. enteric tube tip in the stomach. midline abdominal clips. xxxx in the right upper quadrant. bullet overlies l
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no active pulmonary disease. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung most xxxx a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
bibasilar opacities right greater than left features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours given patient position and technique. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. the lung volumes.
left lower lobe infiltrate. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
unremarkable radiographs of the chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
right basilar airspace disease. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. patchy right lower lung opacification is noted.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
no pneumothorax following removal of left-sided chest tubes. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. removal of 2 left-sided chest tubes. there is no pneumothorax. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is minimal posterior pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
interval removal of xxxx stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. compared to prior examination xxxx stent has been removed. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted. there are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx.
hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
limited study but no evidence for acute pulmonary disease. this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
right upper lobe pneumonia. there is a right upper lobe opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic xxxx. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.
lungs are hyper expanded consistent with copd. no parenchymal infiltrates. no xxxx of pleural effusions. normal heart size. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease unchanged.
small bilateral pleural effusions with a few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease. endotracheal tube and ng tube have been removed. mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. this radiograph was xxxx available for my interpretation at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no non-calcified nodules are identified.
nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; xxxx recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule. xxxx level veriphy message was sent xxxx. xxxx regarding possible lung nodules at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx airspace opacity in the right middle lobe xxxx atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic xxxx. there are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema. the heart is large. in the interval pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. also bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities seen only on the frontal xxxx xxxx atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. acute anterior xxxx deformities at l1-lplease see ct of the lumbar spine for further details. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there are acute mild anterior xxxx deformities identified at l1-lthere is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of la ct of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.
postoperative left upper lobe. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax xxxx related to superimposed soft tissues. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active infectioustuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute findings. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. thoracic spondylosis.
increasing density in the superior segment xxxx the left lower lobe xxxx seen on lateral view consistent worsening of known tumor. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable right-sided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe xxxx seen on lateral view. no pneumothorax. severe degenerative disease of the xxxx.
chest. heart size normal lungs are clear. right knee. severe osteoarthritis all 3 compartments
low lung volumes otherwise clear. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia. right xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. some prominent perihilar opacities are present. some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
chest. heart size is normal lungs are clear. calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. left shoulder. no fractures and no dislocations. minimal xxxx degenerative disease.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably copd. there is calcified hilar lymph xxxx. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified stable right midlung granulomas.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours given patient position and technique. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. the lung volumes.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal opacities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
soft tissue neck. small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. chest. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue xxxx. the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.
5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. comparison to old films if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. if old films are not available xxxx scan could be xxxx to evaluate for the presence of calcium. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a 5 cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is again biapical scarring. small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. stigmata of xxxx cell disease. cholelithiasis. mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar xxxx opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. sclerosis of the humeral xxxx bilateral xxxx from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of active tuberculosis. xxxx left upper lobe opacities. the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits.
possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung xxxx heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. thin xxxx lingular scar unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. low lung volumes. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically no evidence of pleural effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. prominence of superior mediastinal xxxx superimposed structures. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild bibasilar atelectasis.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. first rib fracture not well demonstrated on xxxx study..
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. bilateral breast prostheses with xxxx calcification.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old right-sided rib deformities are noted.
right upper lobe pneumonia. heart size is stable. there is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably copd. there is calcified hilar lymph xxxx. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
limited exam no definite acute intrathoracic finding. the lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. no focal consolidation large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size normal. xxxx unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. stable left mid lung granuloma.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute disease. previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study xxxx summation artifact. examination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
emphysema. large right upper lobe xxxx. biapical scarring. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung xxxx large emphysematous xxxx. there are xxxx biapical opacities xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardio mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. no pneumothorax. no pneumonia. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies compatible with xxxx cell changes.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. there is hyperexpansion hyperlucency of both lungs as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickeningscar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. a xxxx lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and xxxx entering from subclavian approach. the tip is noted in the superior xxxx xxxx inferiorly. no pneumothorax identified. the lungs appear clear. few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. previously seen left-sided picc line has been removed.
mild costophrenic xxxx blunting suggesting xxxx bilateral pleural effusions andor thickening. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic diseaseemphysema. no focal consolidation is seen.
cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities possibly edema. large right pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. there is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. mild perihilar xxxx opacities xxxx edema. no pneumothorax is seen.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. no change from prior exam
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. calcified lingular granuloma. no focal consolidations or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. breast implants there is a moderate wedge xxxx deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae xxxx t6 age-indeterminate.
stable normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx and interstitium. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx and interstitium. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. exaggerated kyphosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusions seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx scarring is noted in the lingula. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable blunting of right costophrenic xxxx with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified ap xxxx lymph xxxx are seen. a small right-sided pleural effusion versus thickening. right inferior rib deformities.
mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear. the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx xxxx opacities in right mid lung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct examination dated xxxx xxxx (not seen on prior chest x-xxxx) is not seen either on xxxx chest x-xxxx.
bilateral lower lobe bronchitis. normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes bilaterally with lungs otherwise grossly clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
xxxx pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasisairspace disease. central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. left basilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. heart size xxxx large. xxxx unremarkable. no large pleural effusion.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pulmonary nodules identified. heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema.
stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chronic changes consistent with emphysema. the lungs are hyperexpanded with increased ap diameter of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
left lower lobe superior segment airspace consolidation radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. based on patient's age a followup chest x-xxxx to document resolution is recommended. xxxx left parapneumonic pleural effusion. there is mild xxxx mentally without pulmonary edema. tortuous thoracic aorta unchanged. stable positioning of the dual-xxxx cardiac xxxx device. no visible pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe xxxx appreciated on lateral projection. increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
unremarkable examination of the chest. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes.
no acute pulmonary disease. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the included osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. there are several small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
mild hypoinflation without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgicalbiopsy changes overlying the right breast.
no acute abnormality. dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged. the heart size is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
unremarkable examination. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no lymphadenopathy.
normal chest film. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. no pleural effusion is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. subcutaneous emphysema of the neck left lateral chest and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. surgical xxxx is noted in the right upper quadrant. subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally right lateral upper abdomen and left chest.
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest xxxx tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs xxxx clear. xxxx xxxx normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most xxxx representing chronic inflammatory change. also some peripheral xxxx fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe grossly stable. no xxxx acute airspace consolidation. stable mediastinal contour.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
mild bilateral streaky opacities xxxx atelectasis. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. rectal balloon is noted. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. there is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms bochdalek hernia posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. bilateral pleural thickening is noted. there are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged xxxx chronic atelectasis.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
age indeterminant but xxxx acute to subacute right 6th rib fracture. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient's overlying head and chin. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs xxxx related to background of emphysema. calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen.
distal tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. no apparent pneumothorax. stable right upper lung lucency. ct chest may be helpful to further characterize. there is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter the distal tip projects over the right atrium. there is no apparent pneumothorax. there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. there is stable right upper lung lucency. the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. xxxx cholecystectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically no evidence of active tuberculous process. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. xxxx xxxx of the spine.
small streaky opacity lateral right lung subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung atelectasis versus scarring.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
at xxxx 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider xxxx for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute pulmonary disease. no evidence for apical mass. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. calcified granuloma right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no xxxx suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. however given the presence of small nodules on the xxxx chest ct scan and patient history of prostate cancer recommend further evaluation with xxxx scan (unless already recently performed). there is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. no xxxx suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size upper limits of normal. grossly clear lungs with no effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. tips stent incidentally noted.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note xxxx of placement of a retention xxxx in the lower cervical spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.
stable exam without acute abnormality. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. prior granulomatous disease appears stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable cardiomegaly without heart failure. stable cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx several of which are interrupted and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. picc line is in xxxx. the tip is in the upper right atrium.
normal exam. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. emphysematous changes retained contrast within the renal collecting xxxx. there is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. contrast retained within the renal collecting xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
clear lungs. no airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
small bilateral pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified.
heart size normal. sternotomy and bypass grafting. lungs are clear. no effusions edema or pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity. status post midline sternotomy with intact xxxx xxxx. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal lung vascularity. the lungs are clear.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. elevation of the right xxxx diaphragm containing liver. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. normal heart size. elevated right hemidiaphragm with a nodular soft tissue contour containing liver. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. there is neurostimulator overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips xxxx secondary to a cabg procedure. small t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are cholecystectomy clips. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.
patchy right lower lobe airspace disease. this xxxx represents pneumonia. recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified lymph xxxx.
borderline enlarged heart. tortuousectatic thoracic aorta. fracture of the distal right clavicle better seen on today's radiograph of the shoulder. borderline enlarged heart. torturousectatic thoracic aorta. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes of the spine. there is fracture of distal right clavicle better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated xxxx. small round lucency in the distal left clavicle appears benign. degenerative changes of both xxxx joints.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. xxxx opacity in the left xxxx xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.
picc catheter tip mid svc. heart size normal. lungs clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there is an s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no displaced rib fractures pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified granulomas.
hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits aortic calcifications and mild ectasiatortuosity. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes xxxx xxxx atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is stable cardiomegaly. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.
mild stable cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation xxxx edema. the heart is mild enlarged. central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. there are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size near top normal limits stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. calcified granuloma right base. normal xxxx.
persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. consolidation and costophrenic xxxx blunting persists in both lower lobes. heart and pulmonary xxxx remain normal. no xxxx infiltrates.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
lines and tubes as above. moderate-to-large left pleural effusion with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. there is blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proximal svc.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. aorta is mildly tortuous. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes in the spine.
no comparison chest x-xxxx clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted..
right foot no evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection. chest radiograph no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. clear lungs bilaterally. redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. no evidence of acute fracture-dislocations. no evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute abnormality. sternotomy xxxx noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scarring left costophrenic xxxx unchanged. calcified granulomas noted.
low lung volume study no acute pulmonary process. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is mild calcification of the aortic xxxx consistent with atherosclerosis. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. moderate degenerative changes of the spine.
hiatal hernia as before. scattered right upper lung scarring as before. overall well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute thoracic abnormality. cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. probable large hiatal hernia. limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia age-indeterminate xxxx fracture deformities. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation remodeling of the glenoid and extensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic xxxx deformities age-indeterminate. there is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum most xxxx secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
no acute abnormality. heart size is normal. the lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. normal pulmonary vascularity. no overt edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
right paratracheal mass possibly lymphadenopathy. if there are no previous chest x-xxxx from elsewhere are xxxx scan with contrast xxxx be of further xxxx. dr. xxxx xxxx i discussed these findings in the xxxx department approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx. right paratracheal stripe is denser and xxxx than normal. the xxxx are normal. heart size normal. lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis with the xxxx xxxx otherwise grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry.
right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy. further imaging with ct of the chest is recommended. the heart is normal in size. prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 6 cm x 7 cm. there is mild surrounding airspace disease andor atelectasis. no pleural effusions noted. the visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. stable mediastinal contour. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
stable aicd with intact xxxx replacement. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there is redemonstration of an aicd with the left chest wall with stable intact xxxx placement. surgical cervical xxxx is redemonstrated. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. xxxx opacity in the left upper lobe xxxx atelectasis or scarring. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since xxxx.
right upper lobe pulmonary nodule xxxx granuloma. the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no effusions. multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal predominantly left ventricular contour (xxxx visualized on lateral projection) pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contours. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no displaced rib fractures identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study no xxxx infiltrates noted.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
moderate sized right pneumothorax. there is minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift suggesting xxxx. minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a moderate sized right pneumothorax. this measures 2 cm at the level the right apex.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
mild lung hyperexpansion otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
recurrent right pneumothorax complete collapse of the right lung near 100%. right-to-left mediastinal shift is present suggesting xxxx physiology.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pneumonia. the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there is calcification of the thoracic aorta.
stable cardiomegaly. clear lungs. stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. left basilar airspace opacity xxxx secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
emphysema. the lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. there is chronic pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. no lobar consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax. no focal lung opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a left lung calcified granuloma noted. there has been resolution of the left-sided airspace disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. mild to moderate t10 vertebral body anterior xxxx deformity xxxx from xxxx. slight interval increase in xxxx loss of t1unchanged severe l1 xxxx deformity. if further imaging characterization is needed recommend mri. findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician xxxx the primordial communication xxxx. cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous possibly subsegmental atelectasis andor scar. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe l1 xxxx fracture. slight interval increase in xxxx loss of t11 and there is xxxx mild to moderate anterior xxxx loss of t1degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent.
left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. right chest xxxx is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. low lung volumes. normal cardiomediastinal contours. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion focal airspace consolidation.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes bilaterally with lungs otherwise grossly clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
low lung volumes otherwise no definite acute findings. frontal view kyphotic and rotated low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx borderline enlarged.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute process. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx identified. the heart is within normal limits in size. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly with surgical changes of cabg with numerous broken xxxx sternotomy xxxx and a sternotomy xxxx fragment noted xxxx in the posterior left pleural space. there has been interval performance of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx surgical clips and cabg markers. all of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are broken and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space. stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. no acute bony abnormality.
stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. the heart is again enlarged. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities xxxx bronchovascular crowding. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. with xxxx opacities in the lung bases xxxx bronchovascular crowding. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.
low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary findings. fractured xxxx sternotomy xxxx without evidence of complication. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. the most caudal xxxx sternotomy xxxx is fractured. there are no acute bony findings.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion. postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.
patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and vascularity are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary disease. no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
pulmonary emphysema. large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. no suspicious nodules or are identified. the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. multiple punctate round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view. these may reside within or outside of the patient.
heart size normal. right lung clear. minimal basilar atelectasis on the left
vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema stable cardiomegaly low lung volumes
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. overall low lung lines. there is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. in the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. degenerative changes in the spine.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. scattered granulomatous changes. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thorax is unremarkable
left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right. this may be secondary to inhalational injury. recommend followup to ensure complete resolution. the heart is within normal limits in size. surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. the lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. there is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
postsurgical changes of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. t-spine degenerative changes.
cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. atypical infection is another consideration. there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. osteopenia of the spine is identified.
pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. markedly limited exam without significant interval change from xxxx. there is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. the lungs are chronically hypoinflated. there is xxxx visualization of the hemidiaphragms which may be due to basilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. overall the appearance is similar to the prior study from xxxx. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is identified.
heart size is normal. right lung clear. there is a 3 cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. this could represent pneumonia or a tumor. recommend followup radiology until clear.
elevated right hemidiaphragm. no evidence of active disease. heart size mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no radiographic evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. thoracic spine. the xxxx examination consists of frontal lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. there is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. the vertebral body xxxx and disc spaces are maintained. sternum. the xxxx examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. no displaced xxxx fracture demonstrated.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
hyperexpanded but clear lungs. overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 8mm nodule in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. mild hyperinflation. limited exam as the left costophrenic xxxx is excluded from the pa view. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. mild lung hyperinflation. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. no visible acute fracture. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no active pulmonary disease. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left axillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in the right atrium. there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. in the right lung there is a 9 x 1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. there is a 0 x 2 cm nodule xxxx above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. there is a 0 x 1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the pa view. if not already performed contrast-enhanced xxxx would be xxxx suited to evaluate these findings. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. to the stomach contours appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are left-sided axillary clips. there is a right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in right atrium.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma. the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest xxxx patient's known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise xxxx. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
a few basilar xxxx of opacity. this may represent scarring or atelectasis. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few xxxx opacities are present consistent with xxxx xxxx of scarring or atelectasis.
heart size is at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal airspace consolidation.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. low lung volumes however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures grossly intact.
right middle lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. left lung is clear. heart size normal. aorta tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region xxxx related to history of bronchitis. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings xxxx related to patient's history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified left hilar node.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax.
bibasilar patchy airspace disease with bilateral small pleural fluid collections. patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. both costophrenic xxxx are blunted. aorta is somewhat tortuous with the heart size is normal. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. mild atelectasis in the right base. stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. obscured left heart xxxx. kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel xxxx deformities poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process. no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal chest the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there are changes of xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the left midlung. status post resection of left upper lobe. no adenopathy nodules or masses. no effusion.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified granulomas.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. low lung volumes however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures grossly intact.
right upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous xxxx scan. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. on a previous outside xxxx scan (xxxx) the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the xxxx xxxx from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available however for direct comparison.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. stable cardiomegaly. prominent contour of the ascending aorta consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no evidence of active disease. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute findings. small hiatal hernia. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. small hiatal hernia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine.
mildly prominent interstitial markings which could represent interstitial edema. mild blunting of the posterior sulcus which could represent a small effusion. xxxx sternotomy xxxx appear intact. surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. mitral valve replacement seen. low lung volumes. the interstitial markings appear prominent which may represent interstitial edema. there is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view which could represent a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. mediastinal contours appear normal. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
negative acute bone abnormality. indeterminate 4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance and may be located in or on the patient. clinical correlation with possible followup chest x-xxxx recommended if clinically appropriate. dr. xxxx xxxx was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at xxxx hours on xxxx and acknowledged receipt of the study finding. rounded 4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. no acute process. left lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild medial right atelectasis. mild emphysema.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is hyperinflation. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. contrast-enhanced xxxx examination would xxxx to further evaluate if clinically indicated. mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view possibly consistent with a tortuousectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly however no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy xxxx. the heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. the lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are grossly normal.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine.
right middle lobe lung nodule. corresponds to one of those seen on the previous xxxx scan. the other nodules seen on the chest ct scan are not xxxx identified. this may be due to xxxx having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest x-xxxx. a chest ct scan would be needed to be xxxx to determine whether these have xxxx resolved or xxxx not visible on the chest x-xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. osteopenia and xxxx deformities degenerative changes and scoliosis are present in the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. on xxxx component of a xxxx scan xxxx xxxxxxxx several nodules were identified. a nodule is seen in the right middle lobe which corresponds with one of the nodules present on the previous ct scan.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. acromioclavicular arthritis is present xxxx severe.
stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. clear lungs the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study xxxx. a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly stable. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size slightly enlarged. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies compatible with xxxx cell changes.
no active disease.. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change calcified aorticopulmonary xxxx node.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. heart size normal.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations.
left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia. two views of chest was obtained in ap projection. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is evidence of cabg.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. pneumoperitoneum attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal xxxx free xxxx.
mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia. there is mild cardiomegaly. the transverse xxxx is calcified. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
no acute findings. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacitiesatelectasis. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. there is no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung unchanged from prior this is is xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small t-spine osteophytes.
hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum. no evidence of acute disease. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size is normal. multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. these most xxxx represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film xxxx demonstrate these are probably calcified.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable marked cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. there is stable marked cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. the left chest pacemaker is unchanged from comparison exam with fractured proximal lateral xxxx and both xxxx tips overlying the right ventricle. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours appear normal. there's no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
left midlung opacity not well seen on prior exam may represent focus of airspace disease. stable left base opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis. postsurgical changes as above. right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx. left base opacities again noted stable. there is a left lung opacity not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis not significantly xxxx from prior. left-sided medication injection xxxx has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction. left-sided medication injection xxxx has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. the trachea is midline. extensive bilateral bronchiectasis cystic changes and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. no large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the heart size is normal.
heart size upper limits of normal. the infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally which xxxx represents xxxx appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airwaybronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. no airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. no effusions or edema. mediastinal contour unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no acute abnormality. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacity.
there is abnormal separation of right xxxx xxxx question very acute versus chronic injury. correlate for focal pain. if indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. no acute cortical artery disease. there is abnormal separation of the right xxxx xxxx. this is age-indeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote xxxx. the cardia mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema . there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying xxxx.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the xxxx. stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe only seen on the ap view and may represent artifact. no acute bony abnormalities.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. pulmonary vascularity normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
normal chest no evidence of sarcoidosis. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. an ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area could be projectional or solid mass further study xxxx is recommended. there is an ovoid opacity 5 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view not well-seen on the lateral view a dedicated xxxx scan is recommended. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size normal.no significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. small residual right pneumothorax. increased right base atelectasis.catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. mild xxxx left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia.
left basilar atelectasis andor infiltrate with no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. heart size upper limits of normal. small amount of left basilar airspace disease. the right lung is clear. there are no cavitary lesions seen. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. calcified granuloma within the right lung base.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prior granulomatous infection. cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are scattered calcified testes bilaterally consistent with prior granulomatous infection stable. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable.
interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. left-sided chest xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study. the dominant nodulemass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. heart size upper limit of normal. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
after further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity xxxx reflecting pneumonia. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no focal opacity.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. scoliotic curvature of the spine with xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. focal convexity of the left inferior posterior mediastinum may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. this has been present and without significant change since at xxxx xxxx. nonemergent chest ct may be useful. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. there is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation.
allowing for underpenetration the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits.
no active disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions. bony structures are intact.
negative for acute abnormality. left anterior chest wall pacemakerdefibrillator. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. spurring of thoracic spine.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is a left-sided tunneled catheter the distal tip at the mid superior xxxx xxxx level.
opacification of the right middle and lower lobes. mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the xxxx or xxxx fissure. no pneumothorax..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted.
increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. with increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection chest ct is recommended for further evaluation. there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality.
very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. no overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
xxxx right upper lobe mass suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. in the interval a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition on the pa view an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note xxxx of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
interval placement of right humeral orthopedic xxxx incompletely evaluated. if attention is desired to this area consider dedicated shoulder x-xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. interval placement of right humeral prosthesis incompletely evaluated. incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion xxxx. xxxx cholecystectomy.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no xxxx acute findingsopacitiesinfiltrates noted.
the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. age-indeterminate fracture of the right lateral 9th rib. if findings localize to this region suspect acute fracture. no focal consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen xxxx skin fold artifact. mild aortic ectasiatortuosity no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
there is xxxx peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions more conspicuous than on the prior study. these can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. there is no lobar pneumonia. lungs are mildly hyperinflated.
heart size is upper normal. tortuous and calcified aorta. no edema. bandlike left base and lingular opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no lobar consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
comparison xxxx xxxx. anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stableunremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no destructive bony lesions are seen.
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung grossly clear. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right knee: severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. left knee: severe medial compartment degenerative changes. the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee: there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee: there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the xxxx of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
unremarkable examination of the chest.. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
vague opacity at the left lung base which appears to be within the left lower lobe. this may represent resolving or developing pneumonia given the patient's history. vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. no acute infiltrate. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion is seen.
chest. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen: there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is xxxx xxxx curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.
stable normal heart size. elevated right diaphragm. lungs are clear.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote xxxx is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lower lung volumes on the ap projection. heart size is upper limits of normal pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. implantable cardiac xxxx are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve xxxx. xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
posterior airspace opacity consistent with developing infection. midline sternotomy xxxx identified. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
xxxx opacities in the right upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. heart size is normal. there are xxxx opacities which appear to xxxx xxxx above the right xxxx fissure. there is mild thickening in the fissure. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
widened upper mediastinal silhouette. may represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. however the setting of xxxx upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. mild cardiomegaly appears stable. no edema. no layering pleural effusions focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
surgical changes of the right hemithorax and mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at xxxx xxxx and xxxx postsurgicalpost traumatic in xxxx. left shoulder rotator xxxx bone anchor noted. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
right lower lobe pneumonia. consider followup radiograph to document resolution. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized.
negative preoperative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities.
interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. left-sided chest xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study. the dominant nodulemass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear of pneumonia. patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the heart xxxx is large unchanged from prior exam. slightly widened mediastinum secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta is accentuated by ap portable technique. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. the lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 3 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart xxxx normal heart size. negative for consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. overall no significant interval change. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with xxxx xxxx atelectasis. the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. there is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. thoracic spondylosis is again seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct examination dated xxxx xxxx (not seen on prior chest x-xxxx) is not seen either on xxxx chest x-xxxx.
round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest ct with iv contrast. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region may represent calcified granulomas. there is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. xxxx are unremarkable.
xxxx change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. aorta tortuous.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is persistently enlarged. lung volumes are low. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no effusions pneumonia or pneumothorax.
recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the right lung is clear. there is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are intact.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change with interval improvement. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate. heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. morgagni hernia stable. lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.
comparison xxxx xxxx bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar xxxx scarring as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest.
interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and xxxx pulmonary opacities again noted most consistent with atelectasisinfiltrate. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable pulmonary vascular congestion. bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left xxxx. no evidence of pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
senescent changes with xxxx sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease effusions or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. old left rib fractures.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace process or pleural effusion. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.
blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. this may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. clearing of left base airspace disease. outward xxxx of picc line. tip now projects over upper svc. left picc line remains in xxxx. the tip projects over the upper svc. it has moved outward since the previous study. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
unchanged exam without acute abnormality. normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. right lung is grossly clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. small hiatal hernia noted. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.
redemonstrated pulmonary fibrosis without evidence for acute infiltrate. there are diffuse increased interstitial markings suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung xxxx. the fibrosis appears to slightly increased xxxx compared to previous examination in xxxx. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. no acute displaced rib fractures demonstrated. the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. stable mediastinal contour. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
persistent cardiomegaly. clear lungs. there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and xxxx density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma. the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest xxxx patient's known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise xxxx. there is no pleural effusion.
patchy airspace disease on the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe xxxx a pneumonia superimposed on xxxx severe underlying emphysema. recommend following this process to resolution. patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. there is severe underlying emphysema. the aorta is calcified. there is spondylosis.
probable xxxx posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. no lobar pneumonia. normal heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. scattered granulomas. no lobar pneumonia. probable xxxx post your recess effusions. kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. the aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. there is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. there are severe degenerative changes of the xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. xxxx sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote xxxx. no displaced rib fractures on this chest examination.
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema. calcified granulomas noted. xxxx symmetric apical scarring. the diaphragms are flattened and the chest is somewhat xxxx shaped. the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. no acute bony abnormality.
no active disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. no significant hilar process to suggest adenopathy. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion xxxx interstitial edema. diffuse right greater than left interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal.
no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal xxxx opacity in the lung bases. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
small left pleural effusion. mediastinal adenopathy noted but better evaluated on the xxxx xxxx ct. heart size is xxxx within normal limits. there are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. there is no pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. abnormal convexity within the mediastinum xxxx represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. clear lungs. no infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
basilar atelectasis. otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity probable atelectasis andor scarring. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
mild cardiomegaly. mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. tortuosity of the descending aorta. no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
cardiomegaly with globular appearance of the cardiac silhouette. considerations would include pericardial effusion or dilated cardiomyopathy. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact. no thoracic xxxx fractures.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. one ap view is expiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
some xxxx opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasisscarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobelingula on lateral view. overall well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size is normal. calcified right paratracheal lymph xxxx calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. no arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis.
small to moderate right apical pneumothorax. 2 images. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 0 cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called xxxx. xxxx xxxx p.m. xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no rib abnormalities are seen. the lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
xxxx change. copd with no acute disease. lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. no change calcified left hilar xxxx and left small granuloma.
stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening right worse than left with mild right-sided loculation. stable appearance of right apical thickeningatelectasis with volume loss possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. suggest clinical correlation. the heart is normal in size. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable. there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. there is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward xxxx deviation. no acute infiltrate is appreciated.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. a calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve. there has been previous aortic valve replacement. heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. the skeletal structures are normal. the soft tissues are normal.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left upper lobe 5 mm peripheral granuloma. no edema or effusions. no pneumonia
heart size normal. sternotomy and bypass grafting. lungs are clear. no effusions edema or pneumonia.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted.
hyperexpanded lungs. the pattern suggests emphysema. no evidence of acute disease. the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. senescent changes of the spine are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality findings compatible with emphysema. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate pneumothorax pleural effusion or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema. cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
no acute acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. scattered thoracic spine spurring.
no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. clear lungs. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal there is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. clear lungs there are no large pleural effusions no evidence of displaced fractures.
heart size is normal. minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base seen xxxx on the lateral film otherwise lungs are clear. degenerative disease of thoracic spine. stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications are present. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. prior cholecystectomy.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no fractures identified. no pneumothorax pleural effusion  or focal airspace disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable xxxx opacity in the left base xxxx scarring or atelectasis. rounded calcified density in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma. no xxxx consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute pulmonary disease. lung volumes are decreased from xxxx and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. no evidence of focal airspace disease. no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. no free subdiaphragmatic air. grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. low lung volumes bilaterally. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema. stable appearance of previous xxxx sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. this can be further characterized with a xxxx of the chest. no confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion.
no acute findings. small hiatal hernia. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. small hiatal hernia.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
emphysema. large right upper lobe xxxx. biapical scarring. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung xxxx large emphysematous xxxx. there are xxxx biapical opacities xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chronic-appearing xxxx opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to xxxx.
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
marked cardiomegaly. low lung volumes. there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are xxxx due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx.
increased size of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. small left pleural effusionhemothorax. there is increased size of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. this pneumothorax measures up to 5 cm in maximum width at the apex. there is no significant mediastinal shift. the right lung remains clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is a small left pleural effusionhemothorax. no focal air space opacities. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest are within normal limits.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities xxxx representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis. heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. there is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic xxxx increased since comparison examination. a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. no radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis a . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is noted.
left base atelectasis. lungs otherwise clear. there is minimal xxxx opacity in the left lung base xxxx representing atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. these may be explained by overlapping structures xxxx chest would be useful for further evaluation. emphysematous changes. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcifications of the aortic xxxx. the lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. there is haziness in the right lung apex. there is a 7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view not identified on the lateral view. this may represent a vessel on end. there is no consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate. low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of metastatic disease. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
xxxx 7 xxxx nodular density at the left costophrenic xxxx. recommend ct scan for further evaluation. there is a xxxx 7 xxxx nodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. this most xxxx due to old histoplasmosis. heart size is normal. lungs clear
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
clear lungs. sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
increased opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. recommend chest ct for further evaluation. xxxx opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. there is xxxx increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates. the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no definite evidence of metastatic disease. age-indeterminate xxxx deformity of t6 xxxx since study dated xxxx xxxx. sternotomy xxxx mediastinal clips noted. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is xxxx deformity of t6 xxxx since x-xxxx thoracic spine xxxx xxxx. mild xxxx deformity of t12 stable. prior cholecystectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. recommend xxxx xxxx chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. findings and recommendations were discussed xxxx. xxxx in the xxxx department at xxxx a.m. xxxxxxxx. mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable calcified hilar xxxx and granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib xxxx acute. there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. questionable anterior xxxx cortical disruption seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be needed to evaluate this. xxxx left-sided pleural effusion there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be xxxx to evaluate this finding. as the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a xxxx left-sided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. there degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable cardiomegaly. no acute infiltrate or effusion. there is a xxxx in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior xxxx xxxx. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged similar to prior study. there is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are stable mild interstitial lung changes which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
8 mm left midlung nodule. xxxx since xxxx. comparison to interval outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule. if old films are not available or if this is xxxx chest ct scan could be xxxx to better define this. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there has been development of a small lung nodule. this measures approximately 8 mm in diameter.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear of pneumonia. patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic xxxx are excluded.
stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of hodgkin's lymphoma . if one would like to discuss this case further please xxxx. xxxx at xxxx. thanks. stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. heart and mediastinum stable configuration. stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. lungs clear of consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax intact. minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.
2 views of the chest demonstrate sternotomy xxxx and mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. incidental note of an azygos pseudofissure. the heart is mildly enlarged and pulmonary vasculature appears somewhat more prominent on the left than on the right but the lungs appear clear with no evidence of pleural effusion.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound. normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic xxxx. there is a bullet fragment overlying the left t7 vertebra. retained xxxx bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size moderately enlarged for technique aortic ectasiatortuosity. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection. the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. there is a moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3 cm in the right apex. there is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. left lung is clear.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from xxxx. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. stable as compared to earlier study. the changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted.
pa and lateral views were obtained. again a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. no acute airspace process. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. vp shunt tubing is identified. the bony structures as visualized appear unremarkable.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
increasing cardiomegaly. no effusions. minimal interstitial edema.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. no acute bone abnormality..
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without interval consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine.
streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study no xxxx infiltrates noted.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
no acute abnormality seen. normal heart size. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable.
question of posterior 10 rib fracture correlate with xxxx tenderness. lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
suspected left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. xxxx thorax for further characterization. heart size is normal. there is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. questionable small right midlung nodule. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. normal heart size mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. scattered calcified granuloma. degenerative changes the spine.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. sternotomy xxxx overlie the heart.
grossly the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. no displaced bony injuries are present.
xxxx opacity in left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. there is s-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are t-spine osteophytes. xxxx opacity in the left lower lobe xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the heart size is normal. xxxx opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic xxxx which could represent scarring or atelectasis. there is no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no acute pulmonary disease. there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
findings consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis. it is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change. central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. heart size and shape are normal. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. the lungs are reasonably well expanded. there xxxx and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung xxxx more marked on the right than the left. there is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening well-seen in the left upper lobe. there is loss of definition of part of the left heart xxxx. no effusions no pneumothorax.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx. heart size normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine.
enlarged pulmonary arteries. this may be due to previouschronic pulmonary embolism or xxxx pulmonary arterial hypertension. no evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is persistent marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute abnormality. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal heart size. no xxxx of pleural effusions. there appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. similar changes appear to have been present xxxx scan focused on the abdomen xxxx. for more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider xxxx with high resolution technique. there are no xxxx of acute airspace disease. no lung masses visualized. visualized bony structures have normal appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute pulmonary findings. borderline cardiomegaly. midline sternotomy xxxx. enlarged pulmonary arteries. clear lungs. inferior xxxx xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine possibly positional.
clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size is normal. no effusions. xxxx interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. less xxxx on the right lung. this may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. further evaluation may require ct with iv contrast and high-resolution scans.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
clear lungs. no acute chest findings. peripheral vascular disease. there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and xxxx cerclage xxxx appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
stable blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx which may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring. cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. right lung is clear. stable blunting of costophrenic xxxx with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. no visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. xxxx unremarkable.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
patchy right lower lobe airspace disease. this xxxx represents pneumonia. recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right xxxx-a-xxxx remains in xxxx.
chronic changes of emphysema. no acute findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. elevated right diaphragm. prominent hilar contours bilaterally. no acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion.
normal chest exam. trachea is midline. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
right-sided small pleural effusion. right base xxxxfluid level. atypical location for a hiatal hernia. cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. correlation xxxx scan recommended. does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. there is an the right base xxxxfluid level. the left lung is clear.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially unchanged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx remain normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there is abnormal separation of right xxxx xxxx question very acute versus chronic injury. correlate for focal pain. if indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. no acute cortical artery disease. there is abnormal separation of the right xxxx xxxx. this is age-indeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote xxxx. the cardia mediastinal silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema . there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying xxxx.
cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size borderline enlarged mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx xxxx xxxx noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. calcified granuloma right base. normal xxxx.
unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. no change chronic interstitial lung disease.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax. mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
small bilateral pleural effusions. left picc line and ng tube remain in xxxx. heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. small bilateral pleural effusions are present. no pneumothorax is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib xxxx secondary to old rib fracture. there are no gross acute bony findings.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left. these findings are concerning for pneumonia. bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size appears within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette xxxx representing a hiatal hernia. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. right knee. stable advanced degenerative changes most severe in the medial compartment. chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right knee. there has been prior ligamentous repair. there is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. no knee joint effusion. no fractures or dislocations.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes. bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. postsurgical changes of the chest including cabg procedure stable. stable valve artifact. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no large pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. nodular right lower lobe opacity xxxx nipple xxxx. contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted stable.
copd. no acute pulmonary disease. there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. right aortic xxxx with probable aberrant left subclavian artery. this is a normal variant seen in one of 200 patients. no evidence of tuberculosis
chest. no active disease. left and right knees negative. chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart size normal. a calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not xxxx since the abdomen ct. left and right knees. xxxx xxxx spaces and soft tissues are normal.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine.
left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. interval followup to resolution is recommended. heart size appears upper limits of normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise normal mediastinum. confluent and xxxx opacities seen within the left base. there are no visible nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple xxxx-filled loops of bowel are present. gastrostomy is noted.
cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. minimal bibasilar opacities which may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. cardiac defibrillator generator projects over the left mid lateral lung. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion. minimal streaky airspace opacities in the lower lobes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxationdislocation left shoulder possibly chronic. suggest clinical correlation. the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. patient is somewhat rotated. the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with atelectasis. no large effusion is seen. there is no focal consolidation. pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. there are bilateral degenerative changes of the xxxx with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. correlate clinically.
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate. low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left. there is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. cardiac device overlies left chest leads intact tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. degenerative endplate changes of the spine..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. these are xxxx and increased from prior radiograph of xxxx  but were seen xxxx chest xxxx with largest in the left base measuring approximately 3 x 1 cm. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. heart size is normal.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. morgagni hernia stable. lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx xxxx opacities in right mid lung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. emphysematous changes are identified. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
negative chest radiographs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
xxxx opacity left lung base.. there is xxxx opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
increased size of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. small left pleural effusionhemothorax. there is increased size of left pneumothorax with xxxx partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. this pneumothorax measures up to 5 cm in maximum width at the apex. there is no significant mediastinal shift. the right lung remains clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is a small left pleural effusionhemothorax. no focal air space opacities. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
stable blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx which may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring. cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. right lung is clear. stable blunting of costophrenic xxxx with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. no visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. xxxx unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are low lung volumes.
no acute process. no definite pulmonary nodules are seen. if clinically indicated further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules are identified.
no acute disease. previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study xxxx summation artifact. examination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary process. negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. the visualized bony structures are intact. there are minimal degenerative disc changes of the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax.
possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. if further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from xxxx.
no acute process. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasiatortuosity. left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute abnormality. sternotomy xxxx appear intact. borderline heart size. aortic calcification noted. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx unchanged. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
calcified granuloma periphery left lung. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size is normal. scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma. resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic xxxx.
minimal cardiomegaly. prominent pulmonary xxxx. probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. no pneumonia
persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung grossly clear. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are hyperexpanded. minimal xxxx scarring in both lower lobes. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
no pneumothorax or effusion. no pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs clear
copd. no acute abnormality. the lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no focal lung consolidation. no pleural effusion. no definite pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and xxxx xxxx.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates. the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
copd. no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal lung consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute abnormality demonstrated. there are low lung volumes. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous xxxx calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
right-sided perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and infracarinal calcified lymph xxxx. these xxxx represent previous granulomatous disease. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there are severe arthritic changes of the xxxx with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
mild left-sided scarringsubsegmental atelectasis. no definite infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region xxxx reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
diffuse fibrosis. no visible focal acute disease. interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary xxxx normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. there is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. no focal air space consolidations are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately t1
borderline heart size improved mediastinal widening. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. mild hypoventilation bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. heart and mediastinum unchanged. no change hiatus hernia.
ill-defined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual massnodularity seen xxxx scan from xxxx. well-expanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
all lines and tubes in stable  xxxx position. limited portable study with stable appearance of lung xxxx with stable widened mediastinum no xxxx acute findingspneumothorax noted.
wide mediastinal xxxx consistent with history of aortic dissection. otherwise normal chest x-xxxx. the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 4 cm right lower lobe nodule xxxx calcified granulomas disease. if patient high xxxx for pulmonary malignancy consider cross-sectional imaging to verify. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete 4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal hilar vasculature. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications are present. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. prior cholecystectomy.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. mild to moderate t10 vertebral body anterior xxxx deformity xxxx from xxxx. slight interval increase in xxxx loss of t1unchanged severe l1 xxxx deformity. if further imaging characterization is needed recommend mri. findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician xxxx the primordial communication xxxx. cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous possibly subsegmental atelectasis andor scar. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe l1 xxxx fracture. slight interval increase in xxxx loss of t11 and there is xxxx mild to moderate anterior xxxx loss of t1degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no bony abnormalities.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
low lung volumes with mild xxxx left basilar opacity atelectasis versus infiltrate. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. there is mild xxxx opacity projected over the left lung base. this is partly due to overlying soft tissues however there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
right lower lobe pneumonia. consider followup radiograph to document resolution. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary inability. right lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomegaly vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. bibasilar airspace disease bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. there is stable cardiomegaly with xxxx pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease right greater than left. there is no pneumothorax. there are no acute bony findings.
stable cardiomegaly without infiltrates. there is redemonstration of an aicd in the left chest wall with intact stable xxxx placement. there are multiple intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx. there is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma  histoplasmoma. a few calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. lungs overall well expanded and clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region right lower lung zones. low lung volumes. no noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no small heart size. there is a right diaphragmatic hump. the soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic xxxx could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine.
no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.
bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left. these findings are concerning for pneumonia. bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
chest. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen: there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is xxxx xxxx curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is stable xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. the heart size is near the upper limits of normal. mediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx t-spine osteophytes are noted.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes. increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection immediately retrocardiac is xxxx to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
cardiomegaly. minimal left midlung atelectasis. blunting of left costophrenic xxxx. this could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring. 2 images. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there are finding status post sternotomy and cabg. xxxx atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. there is blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
overall stable appearance of the chest suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. this appearance is overall not significantly xxxx. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. xxxx scar in the right lateral midlung. adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic xxxx. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. tortuous ectatic thoracic aorta unchanged. xxxx sternotomy xxxx intact.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. no definite findings of pneumonia. exam limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. the ribs as visualized appear unremarkable.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. stable 5 mm calcified left midlung granuloma. calcified aortic xxxx.
low lung volumes exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm lungs appear grossly clear. no evidence of pneumonia. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal pleural spaces are clear mediastinal contours appear normal no acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg and stable mild cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
decreased lung volumes. bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral xxxx xxxx be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the bilateral xxxx.
interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema inflammation. no definite pleural effusion seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the xxxx image from xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
low volume study without acute process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute process. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. no xxxx edema. the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
minimal patchy bibasilar opacities xxxx evolving pneumonia or atelectasis xxxx bilateral pleural effusions minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities xxxx atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces xxxx xxxx effusions.
anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacification.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the chest xxxx is in satisfactory position. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear.
bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. xxxx xxxx opacities xxxx reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
cardiomegaly and mild vascular prominence. no evidence of acute disease. cardiomegaly is present. the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. probable nerve stimulator noted.
mild central vascular prominence xxxx congestion. heart size at the upper limits of normal. the cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. central vascular markings are mildly prominent. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. pneumonia is in the differential. a followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process. patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest xxxx tip at svc.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes noted. the heart size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
soft tissue neck negative. chest. heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion. soft tissue neck. the airway is xxxx. no laryngeal edema. laryngeal xxxx intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present.
no acute pulmonary findings. right chest xxxx tip low svc. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. prosthetic right humeral head. prior lower cervical spine surgery. xxxx deformity at the thoracolumbar junction with an acute kyphosis.
patchy left lower lobe airspace disease possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. there are xxxx opacities in the right mid lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. this is xxxx to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
slight cardiomegaly. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. no edema or effusions.
mildly hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is normal. no large effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality.
changes of chronic interstitial lung disease with ill-defined patchy left apical and right basilar airspace disease. pa and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit xxxx clinically feasible. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
right upper lobe pneumonia. heart size is stable. there is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperexpanded. scattered granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. there is a left chest xxxx with tip in the mid svc. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no obvious rib fractures. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. left ij catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax is seen. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.
clear lungs. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis.
stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. cardiomegaly without heart failure. nasogastric tube tip xxxx within the stomach body stable. low lung volumes. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. diffuse interstitial opacities. bony structures appear intact. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormality identified. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region xxxx related to history of bronchitis. no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings xxxx related to patient's history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an s-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear xxxx deformity identified. left shoulder: there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator xxxx pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head xxxx reflecting calcific tendinitis.
hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting copd. borderline enlarged heart. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is flattening of hemidiaphragms. there are prominent interstitial markings. there is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. the heart is of the first limits of normal size. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx xxxx from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar xxxx are present
bullous disease and upper lobe scars. decreasing right upper lobe cavity. the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no xxxx infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process. heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of acute disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. the lungs now appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contours. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
right upper lobe subsegmental atelectasis. no evidence of heart failure. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the xxxx fissure most xxxx mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. the remaining lungs are clear. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. eventration right diaphragm. scarring in the pulmonary apices. no acute findings. thoracic spondylosis.
xxxx change. copd with no acute disease. lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. no change calcified left hilar xxxx and left small granuloma.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. no pneumothorax is seen. no free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen.
small patchy left lower lobe opacity primary differential considerations include atelectasis infiltrate aspiration clinical correlation recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote xxxx is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable.
small bilateral pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified.
right apical cavitary lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified. irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. no evidence of active infection. no focal consolidations pneumothorax or effusions identified. paramediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits and no acute bony abnormality is identified.
low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. right lung is clear. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality. persistent cardiomegaly. no abnormal airspace consolidation. resolved interstitial edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
chronic changes without acute process the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib.
heart size normal. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. lungs are clear. no edema or effusion.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis. right middle lobe opacity is present. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
patchy right lower lobe opacities xxxx infectious infiltrate. right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. no focal opacity. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits the typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine dextrocurvature noted.
continued slight cardiomegaly with no evidence for failure or pneumonia. heart size remains slightly large. aorta remains tortuous. pulmonary xxxx remain normal. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. coronary artery stent.
cardiomegaly similar to prior examination. negative for evidence of acute pulmonary disease. cardiomegaly. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute changes from prior imaging. 2 images. moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact.
stable right-sided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable appearing right-sided xxxx the opacities. there is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax.
findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. no focal pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. streaky perihilar opacities. peribronchial cuffing also noted. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
no active infiltrate. marked enlargement of the xxxx bilaterally increased since the prior xxxx xxxx adenopathy. underinflated lungs with basilar atelectasis. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are underinflated but xxxx given the underinflation the xxxx appear enlarged more xxxx than on the exam and xxxx. osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. a right-sided chest xxxx is present with its tip in the upper svc.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base.
there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from xxxx.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size normal. tortuous aorta. calcified hilar lymph xxxx xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. hyperinflated lungs. the otherwise lungs are clear. the bilateral apices are partially excluded from the xxxx-of-view. there is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture xxxx appears grossly intact. osteopenia. exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue xxxx previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. no nodules masses or effusions
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. no pneumothorax large pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is upper limits of normal and stable. they're multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient.. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spinal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine..
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. there is no pleural effusion.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. recommend followup pa and lateral chest x-xxxx in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. bilateral small pleural effusions. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia.
heart size upper limits normal. clear lungs. no pneumonia or effusions.
stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear.
xxxx opacities in the left base the appearance which xxxx scarring or atelectasis. otherwise clear. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the patient is status post cabg. a few xxxx opacities are present in the left base the appearance which xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute findings. hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. normal heart size. increased retrosternal airspace. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence worse in the right lung base. this has developed in the interval and may represent atypical pneumonia. more focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. no lobar consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax.
mild hyperexpansion. no acute process. flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
ectatic aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. aorta is tortuous and ectatic. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. pleural effusions or pneumothorax. endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine.
no acute abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations.
no acute findings. hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. normal heart size. increased retrosternal airspace. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no evidence of active disease. there are several small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia. the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. old right-sided rib fracture is noted.
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of disease recurrence. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. prominent ascending aorta. calcified left hilar xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is stable cardiomegaly. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx intact.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. calcified left hilar lymph xxxxgranulomas. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. old fracture right mid clavicle.
no acute bony findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
slightly enlarged heart. no effusions. no edema. no nodules or masses. aortic xxxx calcification. aortic xxxx is normal size. lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
comparison xxxx xxxx. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. atherosclerotic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
negative for acute abnormality. heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules. bony structures are intact.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally predominantly in the bases with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
continued severe cardiomegaly andor pericardial effusion. no acute pulmonary disease process identified. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
2 cm noncalcified nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a xxxx. there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 0 cm which is xxxx to be in the posterobasal segment. there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at xxxx some concern for neoplasm. a xxxx is recommended. no airspace disease effusion or cavitary nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no fibrosis. no nodules or masses. please xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx to be followed up as per history
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable cardiomegaly with clear lungs. stable cardiomegaly. stable tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace opacities pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
clear lungs. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right xxxx-a-xxxx has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior xxxx xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib concerning for acute fracture. recommend correlation with side of xxxx tenderness. no other fractures are xxxx identified. if there is high clinical concern recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented xxxx lucency through the posterior right 12th rib.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
copd. no acute disease. lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. stable calcified granuloma left midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. midline trachea.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal hilar vasculature. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable chronic lung disease. heart size is unchanged. aortic calcification is noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. there are unchanged xxxx opacities throughout the lungs which xxxx represent scarring. lungs are hyperexpanded.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. xxxx cholecystectomy.
no acute pulmonary infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. prominent bilateral xxxx right greater than left. this appears slightly increased from the prior studies. findings could be related to hilar lymph xxxx or enlarged pulmonary arteries. if clinically indicated further evaluation with contrast-enhanced ct of the thorax could be performed. the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary venous congestion. there is prominence of the pulmonary arteries right greater than left. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
mild hyperinflation. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits aortic ectasiatortuosity similar to prior. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute findings. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax.
stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which xxxx represent atelectasis. intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx. stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and left basilar calcified granuloma. relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. the negative for pneumothorax focal infiltrate or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
clear lungs the lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits.
left mid lung opacity noted most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. recommend clinical correlation. left midlung opacity noted not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
heart size is normal. bilateral nipple shadows seen. 5 mm left lower lobe granuloma. heart size normal. no effusions. lungs clear
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. age-indeterminate fracture of the right lateral 9th rib. if findings localize to this region suspect acute fracture. no focal consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen xxxx skin fold artifact. mild aortic ectasiatortuosity no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age.
small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding. heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. there is a small right pleural effusion. there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. small left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax.
normal chest exam. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. trachea is midline.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. xxxx opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. stable chronic coarse interstitial markings without focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact. xxxx right cervical rib.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with xxxx left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. there are intact midline sternotomy xxxx and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs with no evidence of left-to-right shunt.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is mild hyperexpansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are t-spine osteophytes. small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified. this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the left upper lobe. stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring volume loss and pleural thickening. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance similar to prior. volume loss in the left lung stable. right lung is clear. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild scarring at the right apex. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute xxxx related findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging if clinically indicated. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours right chest xxxx tip in the low svc. monitoring device artifacts. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.
low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified bilateral hilar lymph xxxx greater on the left. no acute osseous findings.
minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. no acute displaced rib fractures demonstrated. the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary findings. fractured xxxx sternotomy xxxx without evidence of complication. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. the most caudal xxxx sternotomy xxxx is fractured. there are no acute bony findings.
xxxx. xxxx patchy right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. lung volumes are low. in the interval a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions or fibrosis
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx unchanged. old xxxx fracture deformity of approximately t
cardiomegaly and mild vascular prominence. no evidence of acute disease. cardiomegaly is present. the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation aspiration clinical correlation recommended heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis xxxx postinfectiouspostinflammatory. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart xxxx. this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is xxxx within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap portable technique. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear clear. the osseous structures are within normal limits.
streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. enlarged cardiac silhouette. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. the lungs appear clear. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. this was seen well on prior xxxx. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no active disease. specifically no radiographic evidence for tuberculosis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report. xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained on xxxx. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are hyperexpanded. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax.
stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia. no acute pulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothorax.
low lung volumes with mild xxxx left basilar opacity atelectasis versus infiltrate. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. there is mild xxxx opacity projected over the left lung base. this is partly due to overlying soft tissues however there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs. heart size is within normal limits for ap technique. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate. no visible pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
no active disease. there are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance. the lungs are clear. there are multiple surgical xxxx seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is a screw in the right shoulder. the soft tissues are normal.
stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis. interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion xxxx intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly with persistent bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis andor infiltrate. no xxxx focal consolidations pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute osseous abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted.
cardiomegaly with surgical changes of cabg with numerous broken xxxx sternotomy xxxx and a sternotomy xxxx fragment noted xxxx in the posterior left pleural space. there has been interval performance of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx surgical clips and cabg markers. all of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are broken and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space. stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. acromioclavicular arthritis is present xxxx severe.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pulmonary nodules identified. heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema.
bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. lung volumes are low. bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting are present. heart size normal. pulmonary xxxx normal. shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to xxxx.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
moderate enlargement of the heart xxxx. this shows significant interval increase in size from the remote xxxx comparison. xxxx cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. minimal patchy infiltrateatelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pulmonary nodules. a single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral xxxx fracture is present. without a comparison study the age of this fracture is unknown. metastatic disease is possible however given the nonsclerotic appearance is not xxxx. healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. these xxxx't contours appear normal. there is a xxxx fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. this vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. the age of this fracture is unknown. there are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. there is a healed left clavicle fracture.
stable emphysematous lung changes. no acute abnormality seen. normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. vague left upper lobe nodular density as described above. further imaging xxxx may be helpful. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. this could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. bony thorax is unremarkable.
lingular airspace disease which in the setting of xxxx is concerning for pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is lingular airspace disease.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. there has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. enteric tube is again noted coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal unchanged from prior. low lung volumes causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. further workup could be initiated with contrasted ct of the chest abdomen and pelvis. dr. xxxx xxxx i discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately xxxx hours xxxx xxxx. three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. the largest measures 5 mm in diameter. another nodule is present near the right hilum. it is approximately 2 cm in diameter. the xxxx and mediastinum appear normal. heart size normal.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
mild lung hyperexpansion otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. stable calcified granuloma left midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. midline trachea.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable splenic artery embolism coils.
heart size is normal. slightly dilated tortuous aorta unchanged. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumonia
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
emphysema without acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
no acute infiltrate. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. no focal consolidation is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
6 mm left lung nodular opacity. recommend comparison with prior images. if prior images are not available than further evaluation with ct chest is recommended. old chest film from xxxx  xxxx from xxxx was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not xxxx seen. heart size aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. no focal bony abnormality identified.
patchy opacities in right upper lobe concerning for pneumonia given history. right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. followup evaluation to resolution is recommended. the heart is normal in size. there is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. there are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
no acute pulmonary disease. there is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
stable appearance of the chest there is a stable closure device projected over the heart. the heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. there is stable xxxx scarring of left mid lung. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no infiltrate effusion mass or pneumothorax.
stable left chest dual xxxx icdpacemaker. improved lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is within normal limits. aorta appears tortuous and ectatic unchanged from comparison exam. there is a stable dual xxxx icdpacemaker. no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. visualized osseous structures are grossly intact.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable.
clear lungs. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits.
mild stable cardiomegaly no acute disease. the heart is mildly enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
worsening masslike opacification of right apex suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx are grossly normal.
negative. no significant change from xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated appears dense may be granulomatous if desired one may consider ct for further characterization. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstrated azygos lobe. no fracture visible. if clinical concern persists consider dedicated rib series. redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity similar in size from previous examination. dense appearing may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. xxxx. limited exam for evaluation of fractures. however no evidence for displaced rib fracture.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted. inferior sternotomy xxxx is disrupted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no effusions pneumonia or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. otherwise no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge xxxx deformity of lheart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge xxxx deformity of l1 age-indeterminate.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no fractures identified. no pneumothorax pleural effusion  or focal airspace disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
mild stable cardiomegaly. small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. changes of xxxx sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. left subclavian icd is unchanged in position. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. right chest xxxx tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. the lungs are grossly clear. no pneumothorax is seen. there are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.
negative chest x-xxxx. no evidence of pneumonia. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of 3 images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is xxxx xxxx atelectasis. no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right infrahilar lymph xxxx again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact.
suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia for which clinical correlation is recommended. stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified.
stable exam with no acute abnormality seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. stable right lung base scarring.
moderate right-sided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. endotracheal tube at the level of the carina recommend retraction. there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. xxxx shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round xxxx bullet overlying the t10 vertebral body. xxxx density is seen within the right lower lobe xxxx representing hemorrhage. there is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. there is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the visualized xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
stable left lung consolidation possibly infectious pneumonia andor aspiration. recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left upper lobe 5 mm peripheral granuloma. no edema or effusions. no pneumonia
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cervical fusion xxxx. degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial markings the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. minimal scoliosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
exam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged. marked bronchovascular crowding indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding mild pulmonary edema interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude. no definite pleural effusion seen. osseous demineralization and exaggerated kyphosis vp shunt tubing noted.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no xxxx deformities. emphysematous changes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no evidence of active disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. pectus carinatum. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. pectus carinatum is noted. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.
postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality. there are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. xxxx deviation towards the left. right lung is hyperexpanded. the right lung is clear. heart size and vascularity within normal limits.
small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis. there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right. there is no pneumothorax. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no evidence of active tuberculosis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm elevation with xxxx xxxx density near the right costophrenic xxxx most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
chronic interstitial lung disease and scars unchanged. no acute disease. prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. comparison to old films if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. if old films are not available xxxx scan could be xxxx to evaluate for the presence of calcium. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a 5 cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.
previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. minimal bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few xxxx opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are xxxx to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally. the this may represent heart failure opportunistic infection or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis. xxxx of chest for further characterization. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in xxxx xxxx confluence of vascular shadows. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
chest. no active disease. right foot. negative. two-view chest. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot midfoot forefoot xxxx are intact with no fractures or bone destruction.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted. stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
findings of copd with right costophrenic xxxx focal atelectasis. the lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the right costophrenic xxxx. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection. the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
copd with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection. both lungs remain hyperexpanded. no xxxx focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex. however it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. heart size remains normal.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine..
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without interval consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no stable cardiomegaly without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. there is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
copd. no acute abnormality. the lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no focal lung consolidation. no pleural effusion. no definite pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and xxxx xxxx.
no evidence of active disease. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
stable appearance of xxxx scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous xxxx xxxx granulomas. there are calcified right hilar lymph xxxx as xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base xxxx atelectasis or scarring low lung volumes no focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. there is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph.
bibasilar pneumonia. consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal.
clear lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung similar to the previous exam. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea similar to the previous exam. the left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. there is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. probable old lateral right rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. low lung volumes. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette. unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion. pulmonary vascular congestion. widened mediastinum. maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous xxxx. however adenopathy or mass is not excluded. ct of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings. there is widening of the mediastinum. there is moderate cardiomegaly identified. the central pulmonary xxxx appear enlarged. correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal infiltrate. no large effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
small left pleural effusion. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base xxxx atelectasis. the lateral view shows a xxxx left pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. scattered calcified pulmonary nodules xxxx represents calcified granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx xxxx decreased in size from prior exam. heart size is normal. xxxx are unremarkable.
normal chest heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
right upper lobe lung nodules. recommend xxxx. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. there are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
minimal xxxx left base atelectasisinfiltrate. otherwise stable exam. mild cardiomegaly unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. minimal xxxx left basal airspace opacity. unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic xxxx scarring versus xxxx effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings.
cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis. heart size is enlarged. the aorta is unfolded. otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
large right xxxx pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe. a large pleural air collection is present on the right. mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. the right lower lobe is totally opaque.
low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution. heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute abnormality. no pulmonary nodule identified. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules identified.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. the aorta is tortuous but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal.
streaky left basilar opacities xxxx atelectasis versus infiltrate. cardiomegaly stable. interval removal of cardiac xxxx generator. cardiomegaly. left base streaky opacities again noted. no large focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no pneumothorax.
negative chest . the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung xxxx. lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
no acute preoperative findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild prominence left hilar contour. bony structures are intact.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx noted.
borderline heart size. aortic atherosclerosis. small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. right-sided central catheter tip low svc. ng tube has been removed. there is mild xxxx-distention of this stomach.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. chondral cartilages causing xxxx over the anterior lungs on lateral view.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute disease. left lung nodule. correlate with prior films if available. if none are available followup imaging in 6 months is suggested. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule seen in the left upper lung possibly granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. calcific aorta. normal vascular markings. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
cardiomegaly question small bilateral pleural effusions abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes. stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
normal chest exam. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses.
prominent hiatal hernia. left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. xxxx right pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema  overt chf identified. stable senescent mediastinal contour.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted. inferior sternotomy xxxx is disrupted.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
enlarged pulmonary arteries. this may be due to previouschronic pulmonary embolism or xxxx pulmonary arterial hypertension. no evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is persistent marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
right upper lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. this radiograph was xxxx available for my interpretation at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a xxxx right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatoustuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
right chest xxxx catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. grossly clear lungs. there is a right chest xxxx with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
stable exam with known right aortic xxxx. stable appearance of the right aortic xxxx. normal heart size. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. there are prominent interstitial markings including focally in right upper lobe which are similar from prior examination. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no pleural effusions.
bilateral calcified granulomas. no acute airspace disease. no effusions. heart size upper limits of normal. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax.
hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in both lung bases. a hiatal hernia is present. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. no xxxx airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper quadrant surgical clips.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
prominent mediastinum. may be due to mediastinal fat. comparison films if available would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. clear lungs. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
no acute cardiothoracic process. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. negative for pneumothorax. negative for focal air space consolidation. some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases xxxx relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. no gross interval change from xxxx. the lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the xxxx similar to the prior study. there are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. there is no evidence of xxxx focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal.
minimal perihilar opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
negative chest x-xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.
cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute process. normal heart size. clear lungs. multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph xxxxgranulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat xxxx represents projectile fragment..
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size is persistently enlarged. lung volumes are low. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. no nodules masses or adenopathy.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular osseous common pleural structures. no focal airspace consolidation. moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.
no acute posttraumatic finding. mild right basilar airspace consolidation may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate. changes of chronic lung disease. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there is dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. multiple thoracic xxxx deformities appear unchanged. there is no displaced rib fracture identified. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. there is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. old fractures seen the left 9th rib.
there is xxxx peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions more conspicuous than on the prior study. these can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. there is no lobar pneumonia. lungs are mildly hyperinflated.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
mild hyperinflation. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits aortic ectasiatortuosity similar to prior. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base probably mostly atelectasis. it would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. no pleural effusion. again the patient is mildly rotated and there is a mild xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine. stable borderline cardiac enlargement. in the left lower lobe on the lateral view there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. the be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. no significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent xxxx on end or alternatively calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute findings. the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. there is at xxxx one left-sided coronary artery stent. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. there is denser lumbar scoliosis.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib xxxx secondary to old rib fracture. there are no gross acute bony findings.
negative chest. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is normal. there is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. lungs are clear bilaterally. thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation.
interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema inflammation. no definite pleural effusion seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the xxxx image from xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and vascularity normal. external contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. calcified left hilar lymph xxxxgranulomas. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. old fracture right mid clavicle.
borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence for active tb. low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent xxxx on end or alternatively calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
[&lt;the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
mild blunted right costophrenic xxxx which could be due to xxxx effusion or scarring. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. there is no infiltrate mass or pneumothorax. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation.
nodular density noted on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact. no nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx. there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph xxxx. the pleural spaces are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum there is xxxx large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. followup xxxx radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. however there is a 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality.
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat xxxx represents projectile fragment..
borderline cardiomegaly. age-indeterminate xxxx chronic xxxx deformity in the midthoracic spine. there are t-spine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline enlarged.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. calcified granuloma right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
no focal lung opacity pleural effusion of pneumothorax. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no active pulmonary disease. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the cardiomediastinal contour is normal. no acute osseous lesions are identified.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities.
diffuse fibrosis. no visible focal acute disease. interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary xxxx normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
mildly hyperinflated clear lungs. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is bilateral hyperinflation without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the xxxx are again noted bilaterally.
lordotic film. low lung volumes. heart size within normal limits for this projection. lower thoracic spine fusion. small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. this may be projectional followup films may be helpful.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
xxxx right basilar airspace opacity. xxxx right basal airspace opacity. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact.
heart size is normal. left upper lobe atelectasis  infiltrate in the left perihilar region unchanged. two venous catheter tips overlie the mid svc. small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. considering technical factors heart size xxxx mildly enlarged aortic calcifications and ectasiatortuosity mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable.
normal chest exam. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion.
unremarkable radiographs of the chest. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours lungs pleura osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
mild heart failure versus volume overload. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there low lung volumes. there is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. bibasilar airspace disease is also present. probable xxxx left pleural effusion. no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiac contour. clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no active disease. minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph xxxx. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.
heart size is normal. left upper lobe atelectasis  infiltrate in the left perihilar region unchanged. two venous catheter tips overlie the mid svc. small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
increased left hilar fullness. this may represent superimposed xxxx adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. if there is clinical concern suggest reference to prior exam or ct chest. large hiatal hernia increased in size from prior exam. the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum small interval change from prior exam. lucencies throughout the chest xxxx representing emphysematous change. scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax. large hiatal hernia increased from prior exam.
no acute pulmonary findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. the lungs are otherwise clear. prior anterior cervical fusion.
clear lungs no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
mild cardiomegaly. densely calcified aorta. prominence of the pulmonary outflow and xxxx most xxxx indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. there is no overt edema. the right diaphragm is elevated there are small right and xxxx left pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis infiltrates andor small left pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report. xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained on xxxx. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax.
no focal air space consolidation. nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. xxxx chest may provide further evaluation if warranted. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right perihilarmidlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral xxxx fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes.
bibasilar airspace disease. there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring. no pneumothorax.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the aortic xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are left-sided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
negative. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities normal cardiac contour. stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. clear lungs bilaterally.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base not obscuring the right heart xxxx. this may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. left lung clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. skeletal structures unremarkable.
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.
persistent cardiomegaly. clear lungs. there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and xxxx density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no acute abnormality. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacity.
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
no active disease. lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear.
hyperexpanded lung xxxx compatible with copd. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. calcified granulomas. calcified hilar xxxx. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. question large pulmonary arteries. lung xxxx are hyperexpanded. prominent substernal air space. aortic calcifications. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart failure with pulmonary edema. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities with xxxx b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci which may reflect xxxx effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx the grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute thoracic xxxx. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. xxxx calcified granuloma in the right apex.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.
comparison xxxx xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute pulmonary disease. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. one ap view is expiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
concern for left subphrenic free air. verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease. left central venous catheter in unchanged position. interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the xxxx-of-view. there is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. there are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasisairspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. no pneumothorax. heart size upper limits of normal. the left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower svc. the feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the xxxx-of-view.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
left mid lung opacity noted most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. recommend clinical correlation. left midlung opacity noted not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
heart size at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
stable position of the left-sided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. a left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion.
no acute findings. no evidence of pneumonia. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. note is xxxx of an xxxx closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact.
lingular nodule measuring 2 x 6 cm. recommend xxxx to further evaluate. the above findings and recommendations were discussed with xxxx xxxx at xxxx p.m. xxxx xxxx xxxx telephone. mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic xxxx are xxxx. there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart xxxx there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2 x 6 cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothorax.
clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base xxxx secondary to a skin fold. no acute bony findings.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the trachea is midline. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
interval development of large right-sided pleural effusion. xxxx deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body xxxx relates to xxxx deformity described on previous ct scan. there has been interval development of a large right-sided pleural effusion. the left lung is clear. there is no pneumothorax. heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. xxxx deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.
chronic changes without acute disease. the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. xxxx opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
clear lungs. fracture-dislocation of the proximal right shoulder . heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. fracture-dislocation of the right shoulder. bone demineralization. scoliosis which is possibly positional.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is anterior fusion xxxx at the cervicothoracic junction.
hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal.
interval enlargement of right middle lobe mass highly suspicious for malignancy. recommend ct of the chestabdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. otherwise clear lungs. dr. xxxx xxxx notified of the critical results at xxxx on xxxx xxxx by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results. lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 5 x 8 cm increased in size compared to prior study most compatible with neoplasm. otherwise the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax large effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
hyperinflated but clear lungs. lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. calcified mediastinal xxxx identified.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. no xxxx airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper quadrant surgical clips.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable appearance of the chest. no acute pulmonary disease. there are stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx. the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. heart size is normal. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal air space opacities. mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.
negative. no significant change from xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
continued innumerable bilateral small lung nodules. no change. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. scoliosis is present.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. chondral cartilages causing xxxx over the anterior lungs on lateral view.
interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. no nodules or masses are definitely seen on xxxx radiograph. the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc.
stable bilateral interstitial opacities could represent scarring or infiltrate. ct may be helpful to further characterize. stable heart size. diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. no acute bony abnormalities.
minimal right basilar airspace disease xxxx right middle lobe. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased xxxx opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease xxxx in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothorax or effusion identified.
normal chest x-xxxx the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. there are no acute infiltrates effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces.
hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
technically limited exam. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish).
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
pulmonary vascular congestion. emphysema. bibasilar streaky airspace opacities. borderline enlarged heart. stable mediastinal contours. aortic xxxx calcifications. hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings compatible with emphysema. bilateral streaky opacities. increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal airspace disease. no acute bony abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours mediastinal surgical clips mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. improved lung volumes xxxx left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
small right pleural effusion. increased. no pneumothorax is seen. scattered xxxx of right base atelectasis. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. no pneumothorax is identified. some scattered xxxx of right base atelectasis are seen. surgical xxxx remain in xxxx. the left lung appears clear.
chest x-xxxx lateral and decubitus. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of pleural effusion. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute intrathoracic abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
stable appearing chest. no acute airspace disease or effusions. stable mediastinal contour. small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic xxxx xxxx a calcified granuloma was visible on chest x-xxxx from xxxx. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. interval worsening of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits.. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which xxxx represent atelectasis. intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx. stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and left basilar calcified granuloma. relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. the negative for pneumothorax focal infiltrate or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size is normal. bilateral upper lobe xxxx fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams.
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is dextrocurvature within the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast xxxx within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region.
mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
right chest xxxx catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. grossly clear lungs. there is a right chest xxxx with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
chronic lung disease without acute findings. chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. bilateral apical pleural thickening. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. stable heart size. marked degenerative change of the xxxx status post remote right humerus fracture. xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body also xxxx chronic.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis.
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process. heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy xxxx.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
interval central catheter exchange. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomegaly. a right internal jugular xxxx this catheter has been exchanged for a large xxxx left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph xxxx. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
right lower lobe pneumonia. heart size is within normal limits. tortuous thoracic aorta. there is patchy right base airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
small patchy left lower lobe opacity primary differential considerations include atelectasis infiltrate aspiration clinical correlation recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
surgical changes of the right hemithorax and mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion identified. irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at xxxx xxxx and xxxx postsurgicalpost traumatic in xxxx. left shoulder rotator xxxx bone anchor noted. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. no nodules or masses are definitely seen on xxxx radiograph. the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no radiodense foreign bodies noted. no acute osseous findings.
cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally predominantly in the bases with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation large effusion or appreciable pneumothorax. tortuous unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic xxxx. xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine. exaggerated kyphosis. xxxx are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior xxxx loss of several vertebral bodies.
stable radiographic view of chest. right mid lung nodule stable xxxx; etiology not determined. this is noncalcified and is stable since a ct examination from xxxx and is xxxx benign etiology. the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. costophrenic xxxx clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in xxxx and alignment. overlying leads.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
stable elevated right hemidiaphragm with questionable subtle increased right basilar airspace diseaseatelectasis. correlate clinically. there is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. the left lung is clear. heart size normal. xxxx unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable normal cardiac size mediastinum and central pulmonary vasculature. the lungs remain grossly clear aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no pneumothorax. similar appearance. minimal xxxx opacities at the posterior sulci. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. otherwise the lungs are clear with granulomas and xxxx sulci. heart size upper normal thin lv contour.unfolded calcified aorta. t-spine small osteophytes.
borderline cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. basilar atelectasis with xxxx posterior recess pleural effusions. overall findings of mild volume overload.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph xxxx and scattered calcified granulomas. stable degenerative changes in the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung xxxx are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. there is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. there is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
hyperexpanded lungs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. there is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. no acute bony abnormality. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
hyperinflated lungs air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. question mild right atrial enlargement no findings to suggest pulmonary edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute process. the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no change from prior exam. the outside x-xxxx is normal except for slight cardiomegaly.
multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. chest abdomen and pelvis ct with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation. in the interval the interval there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal.
left-sided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring. cardiomegaly. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no visible pneumothorax. the left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. however no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. the right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. this is xxxx-xxxx and may be due to left xxxx xxxx osteoarthritis or a remote right xxxx xxxx mild xxxx.
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process. no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
minimal cardiomegaly. prominent pulmonary xxxx. probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. no pneumonia
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size normal. right lung clear. minimal basilar atelectasis on the left
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. thoracic spondylosis.
left picc tip at cavoatrial junction. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a left-sided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx xxxx to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs.
no x-xxxx evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease. stable appearance of the chest. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. xxxx anchors xxxx over the left humeral head. there is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.
negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. unremarkable examination of the chest. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity pneumothorax or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures appear intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are hyperexpanded. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
ill-defined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual massnodularity seen xxxx scan from xxxx. well-expanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary xxxx xxxx a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. borderline cardiac enlargement. tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina.
heart size within normal limits. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of thoracic injury. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
xxxx of copd and interstitial lung disease. no definite pneumonia. there does appear to be progression of changes since xxxx. there your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. hyperinflation is present. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no evidence for pleural effusion. the heart is not enlarged. mediastinum is normal. there are arthritic changes of the spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large effusion.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable right lower lung granuloma. interval to right clavicle xxxx procedure. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active tuberculosis. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact.
abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. or if clinical findings are not compatible with xxxx may be of xxxx. xxxx focal opacity in the medial right lung base xxxx seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. bony structures are in xxxx alignment without fracture.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
chronic lung changes without acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx. minimal xxxx densities left lung base. hyperexpanded lungs. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
chronic changes as described no acute findings stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.
hyperexpanded lungs otherwise clear. normal heart size. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left nipple silhouette visualized. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are in xxxx and intact. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the bilateral costophrenic xxxx are excluded from the image on the pa view. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
7mm non calcified nodule xxxx in appearance recommend ct chest without contrast. lateral view over the lingula there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality..
left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with xxxx atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothorax.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
xxxx large hiatal hernia. left base atelectasis. [
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. prominent contour of the ascending aorta consistent with ectasia. normal mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or lobar air space consolidation. xxxx right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
mild blunting left costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
severe emphysema. irregular pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. this may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring however recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging if available to determine long-term stability. if none are available recommend short-term xxxx in 3 to 4 months. evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. these were not xxxx available at the outside institution. malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images. lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild xxxx scarring andor atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size near top normal limits mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. technically limited exam. incidental note xxxx of large cervical spine osteophytes. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
chest radiograph. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilarperihilar lymph xxxx. left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
no acute cardiopulmonary finding. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion.
borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. no acute infiltrate. the heart is mildly enlarged. the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring andor subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. costophrenic xxxx are blunted.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
low lung volumes otherwise clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no acute findings cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
hyperexpanded lungs suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary process. heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. mediastinal contour normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. critical result notification documented through primordial. the heart size is mildly enlarged. the patient is post aortic valve replacement. the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no acute abnormality. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact.
no acute pulmonary findings. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an s-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear xxxx deformity identified. left shoulder: there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator xxxx pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head xxxx reflecting calcific tendinitis.
comparison xxxx xxxx. scoliosis as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. stable chest.
continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. extensive post-op changes. right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. although this could represent air-fluid within a xxxx of bowel a subpulmonic process is a consideration. if clinically indicated xxxx scan would better define this. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. right base densities are again noted which appear improved. previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. there continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. an air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. no definite pneumothorax is seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size moderately enlarged for technique aortic ectasiatortuosity. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
a few basilar xxxx of opacity. this may represent scarring or atelectasis. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few xxxx opacities are present consistent with xxxx xxxx of scarring or atelectasis.
no acute findings. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild spondylosis.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. small hiatal hernia noted. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
no active disease. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly xxxx xxxx opacity in the left base xxxx atelectasis heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours. xxxx xxxx opacity in the left lung base. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable.
emphysematous changes. resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate. previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatoryinfectious process. lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. mild age-indeterminate wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal air is prominent consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. this is age-indeterminate.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen xxxx consistent with gallstone.
slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear no effusions or edema
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings. the lungs remain hyperexpanded. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural or mediastinal air collections. heart size normal.
left midlung pulmonary nodule. comparison to a previous xxxx would be most helpful alternatively a noncontrast chest ct could be performed in the nonemergent setting for further characterization. no acute disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an 8mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
status post mediastinal surgery. significantly improved aeration. remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus more on left than right side which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. for more detailed evaluation if clinically indicated consider decubitus views. no acute air space disease. no pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly.
chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation large effusion or appreciable pneumothorax. tortuous unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic xxxx. xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine. exaggerated kyphosis. xxxx are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior xxxx loss of several vertebral bodies.
normal chest x-xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. visualized bony structures are normal.
mild cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax.
further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. no evidence of recurrence. heart size normal. no effusion.
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. no acute intra-abdominal process. negative for obstruction. chest. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. abdomen. no pneumoperitoneum. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. no abnormally dilated small bowel loops. no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. no pathologic calcifications xxxx over the abdomen or pelvis. xxxx xxxx are without fracture or destructive lesion though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam.
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
chest. no active disease. left and right xxxx. bilateral degenerative joint disease left worse than right. chest. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left and right xxxx. osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. the right glenohumeral joint is normal but the left is narrowed. no fractures or bone destruction.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine possibly positional.
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities.
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. right jugular xxxx catheter present with tip overlying the lower svc. curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. correlate clinically. normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. xxxx scarsubsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis. the heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. there is no evidence of apical disease. xxxx are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.
